The Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity was established in 1927. Located right across the street from the KU’s memorial stadium, the Kansas Chapter is part of a larger organization of 38 chapters across the United States. At Triangle, we strive to provide the foundation for college success by combining the best of a social and scholastic fraternity. Socially, our chapter is involved with all IFC events and is a growing presence on the KU campus. Scholastically, Triangle provides members with the skills and knowledge needed to become successful both academically and professionally. We narrow acceptance to Triangle so that students in the accepted majors have more networking opportunities after college and have close study companions throughout their college career.Are you interested in getting involved on campus, serving the community, and developing effective leadership and professional networking experience? If this sounds like you, Triangle Fraternity would love to have you!“IN ORDER TO HAVE A BETTER WORLD, WE MUST BUILD A WORLD OF BETTER MEN”— HERB SCOBIE minn32PURPOSE STATEMENT:"The purpose of Triangle shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects and scientists. It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live their lives with integrity."OUR VALUES:At Triangle, we aim to live out our values in everything we do. Our national organization’s code of ethics is a public document that serves as a blueprint left by the men who founded Triangle in 1907. The goal of the Triangle Code of Ethics is to individually hold each member to a higher standard and serve as a beacon of light to give guidance to our members.CODE OF ETHICS:1. Observe the precepts of the Fraternity as set forth in the Ritual;2. Accept cheerfully my full share of any task, however menial, involved in maintaining a chapter home;3. Preserve and promote the chosen ideals of my Fraternity;4. Pay all personal bills promptly, and always live within my means;5. Help create in my chapter home an environment in which enduring friendships may be formed;6. Maintain a creditable scholastic record;7. Promote the welfare of my profession;8. Maintain my self-respect by proper conduct at all times;9. Uphold faithfully the traditions and program of my Alma Mater;10. Pay the price of success in honest effort;WHAT MAKES TRIANGLE DIFFERENT FROM OTHER FRATERNITIES?We take pride in being a stem-based Fraternity. Our Fraternity is a tight-niche group, where each member has the opportunity to get to know everybody in the chapter. Balancing academics and social life is something every “wants” to do, but this is something we are always actively working on, from a dynamic scholarship program, to creating and remodeling new spaces for the members to study! Our goal is to create a sense of belonging in all three levels of membership of pledge, active, and alumni. We create this sense of belonging through our values, not through hazing, and by emphasizing these values in everything that we do. Our new member education program is developed around bonding the pledge class together while creating or honing different values. We offer an experience that is different than most other fraternities. Whether it comes from being actively involved very early on, helping create a strong culture for the future, or even just getting to be you, we offer an experience that is more than just the typical “frat scene.”DO WE HAZE?No, we have a zero-tolerance hazing program. This means that when you join, you will be educated against hazing, and you will join a brotherhood built on values. We educate our men through different programs that the University of Kansas offers to allow our men to be educated on how to handle these situations. We are constantly doing new projects in the house, we challenge our men to “push their boundaries”, learn new skills, or to give input on new ways to create a better chapter home. We offer a campus wide scholarship to STEM based men. We strive to continue to push the boundaries we have been bound by, hoping to give our men a chance to become a passionate advocate, or to give back to campus, or even become a more skilled man.HOW DO I JOIN?Come to one of the events listed under our news & events page or contact us through our form on our contact page. Check us on other social media platforms as well. We are also active on other social media platforms.IS THERE A LIVING REQUIREMENT IF I JOIN?Yes. We require members to live in-house for one academic year. In-house rent is $4,350 per semester. The standard membership fee is $1,100 per academic year.WHAT ARE TRIANGLE’S GREEK LETTERS?We are one of 3 national fraternities that do not have Greek letters for their name. Instead, we are simply Triangle, in which we take great pride in our Delta-T Symbol.MAKE A DONATION:It all begins with an idea. At Triangle Fraternity, there’s no shortage of those. We are proud to be home to countless men who are constantly coming up with new ideas, projects, and improvements for the fraternity. These improvements are essential to the development of a thriving Triangle chapter. If you wish to fund a project, or make a general donation to the chapter, please fill out the form below. Your contribution to building this brotherhood will be priceless.ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE:We strive for excellence when it comes to academics. Scholastically, we try to give our members the tools & methods for academic success. Recently, the chapter was rewarded funds from our nationals recently to renovate our study room. Originally conceptualized by Alumnus Matt Kenney and funded through our CEF, our Study Room has now been completed and gotten plenty of use since completion. Our computers contain all the programs our engineering and architecture students need, with a newly purchased 3-D Printer. In addition, Triangle offers $65,000 in annual scholarships.PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:We take great pride in our personal, professional, and leadership development. As brothers, the relationships we form with one another are important for overall morale. To better help our members deal with stress, conflict, and time management, we offer workshops to enhance productivity. The relationships we hold with faculty from the School of Architecture and School of Engineering are held with high regard and utter importance. There are plenty of opportunities for leadership roles within the House and the Lawrence community. We offer mentorship from older Members and our alumni board (resume reviews, officer evaluation, assistance in general). We also use Herb Scobie Leadership School.SOCIAL ENRICHMENT:Socially, Triangle is involved with all IFC events and is a growing presence on the KU campus. We participate in homecoming and host date parties, formals, and dinner exchanges. Triangle is also heavily involved in the Lawrence community as we require 12 hours community service per semester. Triangle has also been involved in many philanthropy events in support of our fellow Greek organizations as well as for the non-profit organizations they raise money for.  Each year, the brothers take part in an annual Brotherhood retreat, where brothers spent time together, as we recognize the importance of spending quality time with our fellow brothers doing something that we all have interest in.VISIT US1144 W 11th St, Lawrence, KS 66044CURRENT PRESIDENT is Joesph YoungPHONE: (913) 800-1516 EMAIL: kutrianglepresident@gmail.comCURRENT RECRUITMENT CHAIR is Kellen McGowanPHONE: (847) 257-9941EMAIL: kutrianglerecruiting@gmail.comCURRENT ALUMNI BOARD PRESIDENT is Stormy FordPHONE: (913) 475-6461EMAIL: stormbot3@gmail.com