BYLAWS OF THE KANSAS CHAPTER OF TRIANGLE FRATERNITY

Article 1 - Organization Information

Section 1. Organization Name
The name of the organization shall be the Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity, hereinafter referred to as the Kansas Chapter, Fraternity, or chapter.

Section 2. Organization Purpose 
The purpose of the organization shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects and scientists. It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live with integrity.

Section 3. Objectives of the Organization
The objectives of the organization, which apply to all members, are:
A. To help develop the highest standards of personal integrity and character
B. To foster and provide an intellectual, mature environment for its members through individual and group effort and through the mutual companionship of men with similar professional interests and goals,
C. To foster and provide the broadening experience of fraternity living with its social and moral challenges and responsibilities for the individual and the chapter
D. To recognize and support the objectives and goals of the alma mater and those of the community through responsible participation and action,
E. To help bridge the gap between undergraduate study and the vocation of the individual in industry, the academic world or government,
F. To foster and maintain a bond of fraternal brotherhood through a continuing program of activity for the alumni, and
G. To bring into focus the elements of planned progress for the betterment of mankind.

Section 4. Constitution 
The constitution of the fraternity shall be maintained in a separate document and can be referenced within said document.

Article 2 - Executive Officers

Section 1. Executive Positions 
The executive positions of the organization shall be (a) president, (b) vice president, (c) treasurer, (d) education chair, (e) secretary, (f) sergeant at arms, (g) social chair, (h) recruitment chair. These eight positions shall be collectively known as the executive board, or board.

Section 2. Qualifications 
Executive officers shall be in good standing with the organization, maintain the minimum
required GPA as determined by the chapter, be an active member of the fraternity, and exemplify the national Code of Ethics and chapter values. Executive Officers shall hold a minimum three point two GPA.

Section 3. Elections 
All executive officers shall be voted upon during the month of November prior to Thanksgiving Break. A quorum consisting of two-thirds of the active body and new member shall be required to motion for a vote. A simple majority vote of eligible members shall determine the election. (ELECTIONS TAKE EFFECT AS SOON AS THE VOTE PASSES AND WILL GO THROUGH TRAINING FOR TWO WEEKS WITH THE PREVIOUS OFFICER)

Section 4. Term of Office 
The term of office for executive officers shall be preceding their election until the next executive election. Member educator and treasurer's term shall be annual starting with the term following their election.

Section 5. Termination/Removal 
Any officer may be removed for cause at any regular or specifically called meeting with a minimum two-thirds vote of the executive board, or two-thirds of an active vote.

Section 6. Regular Meetings 
Regular meetings of the executive board shall be determined and set by the governing board to be held weekly, unless such day falls on a legal holiday, in which event the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the new available weekday. Meetings are only required when necessary, and may be deemed unnecessary by the board.

Section 7. Urgent Actions 
At the President's discretion, action by the Corporation Board and/or Executive board may be taken via electronic means, with response within the specified time frame and a minimum of twenty-four hours, so long as the opportunity for votes has been taken. A majority of the votes received shall be the final verdict of the urgent action. The proposal and signed consent shall be delivered to the secretary and shall be reflected in the minutes prepared for the next regularly scheduled meeting. 

Section 8. Quorum 
A quorum shall consist of four of the six voting members of the Executive board. Except as otherwise provided under these bylaws, no business shall be considered at any meeting at which the required quorum is not present, and the only motion which the chair shall entertain is a motion to adjourn.

Section 9. Majority Action 
Every act or decision made by a majority of board members present at a meeting duly held at
which a quorum is present is the act of the board, unless these bylaws require a greater percentage.
 
Section 10. Conduct of Meetings 
Meetings shall be presided over by the President. In his absence, the Vice President shall preside over board meetings. In a case of President and Vice Presidential absence, the following shall lead the meeting, in this order: (1) Sergeant at Arms, (2) Treasurer, (3) Recruitment, (4) Social Chair, (5) Education Chair and (6) Secretary. Meetings shall be ruled via Robert's Rules of Order, newly revised, and shall be the parliamentary authority for all matters of procedure not specifically covered by the bylaws.

Section 11. Vacancies 
Vacancies on the board shall exist (1) on the death, resignation, or removal of any director, and (2) whenever the number of authorized directors is increased. Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice to the President. The Executive board may, upon the existence of a vacancy, appoint an interim member of the board. This interim member may serve until the next chapter meeting in which the active body will choose whether or not they shall remain in said position or they wish to elect a new one.

Section 12. Non-liability of Executive Officers 
The executive officers shall not be personally liable for the debts, liabilities, actions, or other obligations of the organization.

Section 13. Indemnification 
The executive officers shall be indemnified by the organization to the fullest extent permissible under the laws of this state. 

Section 14. Duties of the President 
The President shall oversee the operation of the Fraternity. He should work with the Secretary and Vice President to ensure Chapter operations. As Chapter President, they have the authority and obligation to: 
A. Implement executive decisions with the agreement of half of the executive board, accompanied with justifications.
B. Instate a "closed" status to any event/date that the active body is required to attend. A closed date shall be announced at least two weeks in advance, and a timed schedule must follow at least ten days before the event, if applicable.
C. Be the spokesman for the active chapter alongside the public relations chair. 
D. Be the liaison between the active chapter, alumni board, Greek community, Lawrence community, and National Organization. 
E. Define with the executive board, if necessary, the duties/role of any position. 
F. Preside over weekly chapter meetings, active meetings, and board meetings.
G. Have custody of all assets for the Active Chapter included in the active budget. 
H. Confiscate illegal items within the property of the fraternity.
I. Be the voice of Corporation board to the members of the fraternity.
J. oversee the safety of the house and its members, this position is required to live in the fraternity house.

Section 15. Duties of the Vice President 
The Vice President shall oversee the following chairs, 
A. Ritual Chair
B. House Manager
C. Custodian
D. Community Service 
They are also responsible for assisting the president, taking over the fraternity in the president's leave of absence or attending IFC meetings in place of the president in the event that the president is unavailable. As well they are responsible for managing tailgating during football season and assigning rooms to in-house members.

Section 16. Duties of the Treasurer 
The Treasurer shall have custody of all assets for the Active Chapter included in the active budget. They shall keep proper financial records of all monetary transactions, disperse and collect funds as necessary, and shall complete a financial breakdown report to be accessible to any member of the active body upon request within a reasonable timeframe (to be determined by the executive board). They shall monitor fines and indicate during chapter who has been fined, on what day they were fined, and the amount owed. They also are to attend corporation board meetings.
- Oversees the Philanthropy Chair and assists in managing their operations.

Section 17. Duties of the Pledge Education Chair 
The education chair shall oversee the chapter as a whole education process and organize workshops. They shall oversee the member educator and serve as the pledge educator.

Section 18. Duties of the Secretary 
The Secretary shall take and record all minutes for every meeting, attend all meetings (active, chapter, corporation board, Exec) and distribute these records to be available to all members of the fraternity. As well as, assist the President in filling out all paperwork needed for the fraternity. The secretary should provide weekly notes at each meeting to keep all members informed about chapter events. The secretary is responsible for maintaining detailed records of all members of Triangle including, but not limited to records of first and last name, email address, GPA, major, and social media handles.
- Secretary has the ability to fine executive board member, up to ten dollars, for the failure to submit a weekly update.
- Secretary oversees Alumni Relations, Bylaw Chair, and Scholarship Chair.

Section 19. Duties of the Sergeant at Arms 
The Sergeant at Arms shall manage all disciplinary actions and be a sober monitor at all social events. Sergeant at Arms will head the judicial board and guide all judicial board meetings. Sergeant at Arms is responsible for reviewing the chapter's position reviews at the end of each chapter. They oversee the following chairs: 
A. Risk Management 
B. Standards Chair

Section 20. Duties of Social Chair 
The Social Chair shall plan and host all social events for the chapter. They shall oversee and plan events in conjunction with the following positions: 
A. Brotherhood chair
B. Homecoming chair
C. Intramural Chair 
D. Apparel Chair

Section 21. Duties of the Recruitment Chair 
The recruitment chairman shall be in charge of the outward image of the Active Chapter in relation to the process recruiting new members while abiding by the policies set forth elsewhere in the bylaws. They shall work to plan, organize, and supervise the execution of events focused on new member recruitment. The chairman shall work to communicate with organizations on campus to secure chapter involvement in campus events. The chairman will be the head of the Recruitment committee and work with the Outreach Chair in order to ensure the committee works productively towards recruitment efforts.
- Recruitment shall oversee the Outreach Chair and Social Media Chair.

Section 22. Voting Order
Voting members of the executive board shall have an equal vote of one (1) representation. The voting members of the executive board shall be the Vice President, Recruitment Chair, Treasurer, Sergeant at Arms, Social Chair, and Pledge Educator. The voting members shall have the ability to cast a vote during all formal motions of the executive board. The President shall oversee the Executive board and shall vote only in the event of a tie amongst other voting members of the board. The Secretary shall be a voting member in the event of a vacancy during the motion.

Section 23. Sober Monitors 
The chapter will vote on the Amount of Sober Monitors, and who they are required should be voted upon by the chapter per event. This vote will be governed by the president and told what protocol for the emergency procedures.

Article 3 - Judicial Council

Section 1. Purpose 
The judicial board shall exist to resolve disputes within the chapter, including fines and chapter-related issues. The judicial council shall also serve and be known as the standards board of J-Board.
 
Section 2. Membership 
The judiciary board shall consist of four or six members chosen by the Sergeant at Arms, and approved two-thirds vote via hand vote or anonymous of the chapter, active and new members. The Sergeant at Arms shall serve as the chairman of the board and shall thus not hold a vote, unless a tie occurs, and may delegate this responsibility to the standards chair. It is their duty to facilitate and regulate board meetings according to Robert's Rules. Members of the chapter issuing or receiving fines are not eligible to serve on the board for their respective hearing. If the Sergeant at Arms receives a fine to be tried before the Judicial Board, the standards chair shall step in as liaison to the board.

Section 3. Cases 
The judicial council shall hear cases pertaining to the following issues: 
A. Fine disputes 
B. Violations of the Chapter's Social Media Policy 
C. Position reviews 
D. Disputes within the chapter 
E. Academics 
F. Member wellness 
G. Membership status

Section 4. Powers 
The judicial council and standards board has the authority and obligation to: 
A. Serve monetary fines not exceeding the amount of fifty dollars - not affecting outlined finesse which exceed fifty dollars.
B. Call upon any member of the organization to attend the judicial council for questioning and/or clarification.
C. Solve issues regarding the social media policy of conduct unbecoming of a brother in any way seen fit by the decision of the council.
D. Provide reasonable explanation of each fine.
E. Put members in bad standings, level two or level three standings, with the house, social or academic probation. 

Section 5. Meetings 
Meetings of the judicial council shall be called by any member of the house. They must meet to dispute a fine within one week of the issuance of the fine unless it is not possible due to scheduling conflicts on behalf of members of the board or person fined, but no longer than two weeks following the issuance of the fine. A time and location shall be determined which works for all parties involved. Meetings of the Council shall be closed - only members serving on the council or invited to attend a meeting may be in attendance. Minutes shall not be needed for any Meetings. Meetings will be considered confidential, neither the judicial board nor any member in the meeting should talk about the meeting after it's finished.

Section 6. Confidentiality 
Each member of the chapter will be required to sign confidentiality forms stating to keep all J-board meetings confidential. Breaking confidentiality can result in social probation, fines, or termination. 

Article 4 - Standards Committee 

Section 1. Purpose 
The standards committee shall exist to hold members accountable to membership standards issues, including but not limited to: 
A. Conduct unbecoming of a Brother 
B. Violations of membership standards policies 
C. Violations of bylaws or governing documents

Section 2. Membership 
The committee shall consist of the (a) president, (b) vice president, (c) pledge education chair, (d) secretary, and (e) sergeant at arms. These five positions shall collectively form the committee. The sergeant at arms shall maintain a vote within the standards committee.

Section 3. Powers of the Committee 
The committee shall hold respective powers of enforcing the adopted standards policy, including but not limited to the imposition of any fines deemed necessary (up to the fifty dollar fine cap excluding voted fines exceeding this amount), membership restrictions and punishments.

Section 4. Appeal of Rulings 
Any fine or punishment enforced by the standards committee may not be sent to the judicial board, however, may be appealed to the committee one week following the committee's ruling. Any appeal must consist of a report by the defendant outlining why they believe an appeal should be accepted and any suggested alternative fines, punishments or restrictions in writing and delivered to the Standards Chair and the President.

Article 5 - Officers

Section 1. Officer Positions 
The officer positions of the organization shall be (a) bylaw, (c) outreach chair, (d) social media, (e) community service, (f) alumni relations, (g) house manager, (h) custodian, (i) apparel, (j) standards, (k) member educator, (l) scholarship, (m) risk management, (n) brotherhood, (o) intramural, (p) homecoming coordinator, (q) philanthropy.

Section 2. Qualifications 
Officers shall not be required to live in the chapter house during the duration of their term. They shall, however, be in good standing with the organization, maintain the minimum required GPA as determined by the chapter, and exemplify the national Code of Ethics and chapter values. All officers shall have other duties as assigned by the active President and Vice President.
 
Section 3. Elections 
Elections shall be voted upon during the week prefacing Thanksgiving break. A quorum consisting of two-thirds of the existing active and new members of the fraternity shall be required to motion for a vote. A simple majority vote of eligible members shall determine the election. All positions, with the exception of bylaw chair and ritual chair are elected positions. The non-elected positions shall be appointed by the Secretary and Vice President respectively and shall serve their terms alongside the president. No member shall hold more than two positions excluding bylaw chair, ritual chair, and standards chair.

Section 4. Term of Office 
The term of office for officers shall be preceding their election until the next election. 

Section 5. Termination/Removal 
Any officer may be removed for cause at any regular or specifically called executive board meeting with a minimum two-thirds vote of the active body and new members. 

Section 6. Vacancies 
Vacancies of office shall exist (1) on the death, resignation, or removal of any officer, and (2) whenever the number of authorized officers is increased. Any officer may resign effective upon giving written notice to the President. The board may, upon the existence of a vacancy, appoint an interim member of the board. This interim member may serve until the next election during chapter for the executive board. 

Section 7. Non-liability of Officers 
The officers shall not be personally liable for the debts, liabilities, actions, or other obligations of the organization.

Section 8. Indemnification 
The executive officers shall be indemnified by the organization to the fullest extent permissible under the laws of this state.

Section 9. Duties of the Bylaw Chair 
The Bylaw Chair shall oversee changes to the bylaws and head a committee to change the bylaws if necessary. All changes to the bylaws must be approved by a majority vote of the executive board as presented by the bylaw chair or two-thirds vote of the active body.

Section 11. Duties of the Outreach Chairman 
The Outreach Chairman shall be in charge of active, outward contact with potential new members and with other organizations on campus. The priority of their position shall be to engage in and delegate outreach to potential new members, this shall be done through campus involvement, professor outreach, and name collection during the recruitment process. Additionally, the chairman shall act as the secondary head of the Recruitment committee and shall record the minutes of meetings and help in delegation of recruitment duties.

Section 11. Duties of the Social Media Chairman 
The Social Media Chairman shall keep track of all social media events and post items about those events. They shall be in charge of running and updating all social media accounts owned by the Chapter including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, as well as sharing editing access with the Recruitment Chair for the Chapter website.

Section 12. Duties of the Community Service Chairman 
The Community Service Chairman shall maintain a constant updated list of community service hours from all members of the Fraternity. They shall be in charge of approving hours submitted via the online portal in conjunction with the President and Vice President. The Community Service Chairman should provide the chapter with a monthly group event opportunity. 

Section 13. Duties of the Alumni Relations Chairman 
The Alumni Relations Chairman shall plan, execute, and organize the Founder's Day celebration. They shall maintain correspondence with active alumni from the Kansas Chapter and National Fraternity. They shall send out a newsletter to the alumni each semester and work with the annual events chair to invite alumni to events. As well as fundraise for the fraternity through Alumni. They shall be in charge of planning the alumni ceremony at the end of each year for the seniors transitioning to alumni status.

Section 14. Duties of the House Manager 
The House Manager shall maintain the functionality of the chapter home by any means deemed necessary by the corporation and executive board. They shall maintain a budget for the expenses required by house projects as determined by the treasurer. The house manager will be in charge of the house project committee.

Section 15. Duties of the Custodian 
The Custodian shall maintain and develop a list of weekly duties to be assigned to members of the Fraternity. They shall be charged with the duty to check that duties are completed accurately and within a timely fashion, keep a list of who has and has not done their duty for standards, and if the duties are not done fine members who have not done said duties.

Section 16. Duties of the Apparel Chairman 
The Apparel Chairman shall be in charge of maintaining and developing clothing and items for members meeting any and all national branding standards and maintaining the positive brand of the Fraternity.

Section 17. Duties of the Standards Chairman 
The Standards Chairman shall be responsible for developing, maintaining, and enforcing the Chapter standards policy. This shall include maintenance of the points for each individual member to verify standing with other officers in the organization. Individual officers shall report findings of their positions to the standards chairman at their request within a reasonable timeframe. Meetings of members not in good standing with the organization shall be facilitated with the standards chairman alongside the Chapter President. A pending report shall be filed with the President by finals week of each semester, to be confirmed during the first two weeks of the following semester (once all reports are confirmed) if this is not done the Standards chair is subject to be put into level two of the standards policy. 

Section 18. Duties of the Member Educator 
The Member Educator shall be responsible for the education of the Chapter. They have the authority and obligation to carry out the pledge and member education processes, collect grade reports in conjunction with the scholarship chairman, lead and plan serenades, and attend executive board meetings. They shall have the authority to write, edit, or engage in whichever education program they deem fit - as approved by the executive board.

Section 19. Duties of the Scholarship Chairman 
The Scholarship Chairman shall be responsible for collecting, logging, and maintaining updated GPA data for the body of the Fraternity. They shall report members of the Fraternity who are not meeting the study hour policy and requirements to the Vice President and President, and shall fine members accordingly. They shall develop and maintain the Scholarship Policy. The Scholarship Chairman shall hold a minimum cumulative GPA of three point five or shall have a GPA in the top quarter of the Chapter - whichever number shall be lower. If he does not meet the required GPA a decision for removal may be made by the executive board.

Section 20. Duties of the Risk Management Chairman
The Risk Management Chairman shall be responsible to ensure that the house has been educated on risk management policies, organizing BADD duty, working with the social chair and the executive board to ensure safe plans in place at parties and events, and create and enforce a local risk management policy. The Risk Management Chair shall organize workshops or seminars in conjunction with the member educator for continuing member education. They shall stay sober during any sanctioned event.

Section 21. Duties of the Brotherhood Chairman 
The Brotherhood Chairman shall be in charge of scheduling and planning all brotherhood events. They shall oversee the intramural chair.

Section 22. Duties of the Intramural Chairman 
The Intramural Chairman shall be in charge of scheduling and assigning the intramural teams that the chapter wishes to participate in. This includes, but is not limited to, sand volleyball, hockey, basketball, and soccer.

Section 23. Duties of the Homecoming Coordinator 
The Homecoming Coordinator shall oversee homecoming and facilitate the actions surrounding its success. 

Section 24. Duties of the Philanthropy Chairman 
The Philanthropy Chairman shall maintain a constant updated list of philanthropy hours from all members of the Fraternity. They shall be in charge of approving hours submitted via the online portal in conjunction with the President and Treasurer. They shall additionally maintain, develop, and organize a philanthropic event once per semester in conjunction with a philanthropy committee.

Section 25. Fines 
Any officer may, upon written permission from the President, assess fines pertinent to their respective position. Fines may not exceed the amount of ten dollars per issuance, unless given written permission by the President or unless specified within this document.

The President shall have the ability to fine in any amount in accordance with their membership in the Corporation Board. Fines issued by the President exceeding the amount of fifty dollars and one cent may not be brought before the Judicial Board and may only be overturned or lowered by the Corporation board, which must first be presented in writing and must be brought to the next available Corporation Board as set by the Corporation Board. The President shall have the ability to give the Judicial Board permission to levy fines in excess of fifty dollars and one cent. The Vice President shall have the ability to fine up to the amount of one hundred dollars and no cents. Fines given by the Vice President exceeding the amount of fifty dollars and one cent may not be brought before the Judicial Board and may only be overturned or lowered by the Corporation board, which must first be presented in writing and must be brought to the next available Corporation Board as set by the Corporation Board. The President shall have the ability to give the Judicial Board permission to levy fines in excess of fifty dollars and one cent. Members of the Executive Board shall have the ability to fine up to the amount of fifty dollars and zero cents. The Judicial Board shall have the ability to lower or overturn the amount of the fine as expressed in the bylaws of the Judicial Board. 

Article 6 - Membership

Section 1. Membership in the Organization 
Membership within the Fraternity shall follow all national compliance regulations, standards, and bylaws.

Section 2. Voting Eligibility 
All active members of the organization shall hold full voting privileges within regular active organization business. Failure to meet standards or two unexcused chapter meetings in a semester will result in loss of voting privileges for the remainder of the semester. Members on academic or social probation shall not receive a vote within the active chapter.

Section 3. Regular Meetings 
Regular meetings of the Fraternity shall be held at five PM on each Sunday. Every member of the organization is expected to attend chapter meetings. Members may request to be excused from meeting from the secretary or president. Absences outside of may be excused at the discretion of the president. Unexcused rulings may be brought to the judicial council. Phones may be handed over to the president or vice president upon request if they become distracting to individual members. They may be returned at the end of the active meeting.
 
Section 4. Unexcused Absences 
Members missing chapter without being excused prior will be assigned one night of BADD duty, but shall not be counted towards participation in the BADD program.

Section 5. Social Probation 
Members placed on social probation shall have the following restrictions imposed upon them until standards board has lifted the probationary period: 
A. Exclusion from intramural 
B. Exclusion from formal / semi-formal 
C. Exclusion from get-away 
D. Exclusion from any social events 
E. Exclusion from any other event as determined by the standard board 
Members may be placed on social probation for not meeting standards, failing to pay an outstanding fine, or failing to pay a house bill. The Judicial Board is subject to change the working definition of social probation per member's situation.

Section 6. Academic Probation 
Academic probation is for members whose GPA is below a two point five. Members with this status will be on the max amount of study hours, and will be required to do regular office hour visits. Members with a gpa under a two point five will meet with the Judicial Board, and the scholarship chairman will be able to provide suggestions on the probationary period.

Section 7. Alumni 
An active member can be considered once they have graduated from the University of Kansas. If an active member stays at KU and has been an active member for eight semesters then the member can become an Alumni, after a two-thirds vote of the active and new member body. If an active member transfers to a school without a Triangle Chapter they can choose to become an alumni.

Section 8. Social Member 
A member who is no longer an undergraduate student at KU can choose to ask the chapter to become a Social Member. A two-thirds vote of the active and new member body is required for approval. Per approval a member will then pay ten dollars a month to become a social member until the student is no longer a student at his university, or until his pledge class goes through the alumni ceremony. These members are solely social members, are not required to attend any event, and hold no vote.

Section 6. Outstanding Fines 
A fine shall be considered outstanding if it has not been paid within one week of the date of issuance or judicial council ruling.

Section 7. Outstanding House Bills 
House bills shall be considered outstanding if they have not been paid by the specified date.

Section 8. Quiet Hours 
The hours of seven pm to seven am Sunday thru Thursday shall be denoted as mandatory quiet hours in which there will be no loud noises, yelling, music, etc. During this time noise complaints may be filed with the president or vice president. Quiet hours extend to three am to seven am Friday through Saturday. Members shall be allowed two warnings per week with the first consisting of a verbal warning and the second being a written violation brought to judicial council.

Section 10. Additional Policies 
Members shall be held accountable to any additional policies adopted as addendums to this set of bylaws including but not limited to: scholarship program, social media policy, BADD policy, standards board etc.

Section 11. Housing Contracts 
All additional policies referenced or stated within chapter (housing) contracts shall be enforced as an addendum of these bylaws or in accordance with the Corporation Board.

Section 12. Quorum 
A quorum of eighty percent of active members shall exist for any motions during active meeting, and fifty percent during chapter meeting.

Section 13. Personal Items 
Leaving personal items unattended for twenty-four hours within a public space shall result in a five dollars fine that may be brought to j-board. This fine shall be issued by the house manager.

Article 7 - Bylaws

Section 1. Bylaw Committee 
A bylaw committee shall be formed as a standing committee, appointed by the bylaw chair. This committee shall oversee all amendments, additions, and reductions in bylaw policy. Any amendments to this document must be approved by a majority vote of the executive board.

Section 2. Suspension of Bylaws 
The chapter bylaws may be suspended by: 
A. By a two-thirds majority vote with quorum with the members of both active and new members.

These current bylaws were adopted on December 1, 2016. 

Section 3. Bylaw Proposal 
The bylaw chair is responsible for proposing new bylaws that he, or the chapter believe to be needed. Any person may submit a proposal to the bylaw committee for the addition of a new bylaw.

Section 4. Voting 
In order for a bylaw to be adopted into our chapter's bylaws it must be voted and passed by a two-thirds vote of the active chapter and new members.
A. If the vote is passed by a two-thirds vote the bylaw is officially adopted from then forward.
B. If a bylaw does not pass the two thirds vote then the bylaw is sent to the executive board for review pending a majority vote.
	1. Executive board can reword, or rewrite the bylaw to re-propose.
	2. Executive board can kill the proposed bylaw.

Article 8 - Community Service 

Section 1. Community Service Hours 
Members of the Fraternity shall be required to complete twelve hours of community service per semester - philanthropy hours shall not be considered towards these twelve hours of community service. The community service officer shall determine the dates upon which these hours must be completed. Members shall document and report hours via the designated system determined by the University of Kansas. A fine of ten dollars per hour not completed may be placed upon any member not completing their twelve required hours. Failure to complete any hours shall result in an immediate hearing with the standards board. Additionally, members shall be required to complete four philanthropy hours each semester. Events where an individual attends shall be counted as one hour, whereas a volunteer event shall count for each hour the individual volunteers. Questions may be directed to the community service chairman. 

Article 9 - Re-pledging

Section 1. Definition 
Re-pledging is defined as when someone either drops during their pledge semester, is blackballed or by some other means no longer a new member and wants to try and re-pledge within the fraternity.

Section 2. Voting 
In order for a person(s) to be eligible for re-pledging a discussion with the active members shall be had and a vote of eighty-five percent or more shall be required (rounded down) in order for said person(s) to be able to re-pledge to the fraternity.

ADDENDUM 1 - SCHOLARSHIP POLICY

Section 1. Terminology 
The Scholarship Program (hereafter referred to as program) will be headed by the current Scholarship Chairman. 

Section 2. Minimum GPA Requirement 
All new members, actives, and out-of-house members (hereafter referred to as members), are required to maintain at least a two point five GPA for two out of every three consecutive semesters. Failure to do so will result in a membership review from the Chapter by the Executive Board. 

Section 3. GPA Calculation 
The GPA for the program shall be calculated by averaging the GPA of the individual for the past two semesters or the previous semester - whichever is higher.

Section 4. Scholarship Program Admission 
Any member whose previous three semesters average GPA falls at or below a three point two GPA will be placed into the Scholarship Program. 

Section 5. Semester Beginning 
Individuals in the program will be required to give a copy of their complete class schedule and the syllabi for each class to the Scholarship Chairman at the beginning of each semester. Additionally, the complete class schedule is to be posted on each individual's door. Out of house members shall post their schedules in the assigned out-of-house member class schedule area to be determined by the Scholarship Chairman. 

Section 6. Required Meetings 
Members in the program will also be required to meet with the Scholarship Chairman, or one of his representatives, and the Executive Board once every month with all graded homework, quizzes, and tests as determined by the Scholarship Chairman and the Executive Board.

Section 7. Courtesy Hours 
Courtesy hours are quiet hours designated during the hours of seven PM to eleven PM Sunday through Thursday (School nights).

Section 8. Study Hours 
Members put into the scholarship program will be assigned study hours to be administered during courtesy hours as described in Section Seven above. During these hours, members in the program must complete the assigned hours designated to them as determined by their GPA calculated as described in Section Three above. Members having a GPA of zero to two point seven-five shall be assigned four hours per day. Members having a GPA of two point seven-five to three point zero shall be assigned two hours per day. Members having a GPA of three point zero to three point two shall be assigned one hour per day. Study hours are to be completed Sunday through Thursday (school-nights only). Hours must be completed starting at six PM. Conflicts may be taken up and resolved through the Scholarship Chairman.

Section 9. Study Hour Locations 
Members on study hours are required to complete their study hours at the house. If they must be in another location (i.e. studio or at the library) they must notify the scholarship chairman and receive approval to be off-site to complete study hours and must send proof of study hour completion to the scholarship chairman if requested. Study hours shall be conducted via an open-door policy - subject to change at discretion of the scholarship chairman.

Section 10. First Semester Freshman 
For purposes of the scholarship program, this section supersedes Section Three. First semester freshmen will not be considered to have a GPA, and will automatically be assigned two study hours per day. They will be subject to monthly meetings with the scholarship chair and executive board to determine if they should receive more or less study hours at each meeting based on their current standing with their classes. They shall bring all graded and class-related materials they have to these meetings.

Section 11. Violation Warnings 
Individuals placed into the scholarship program will be allowed one warning every two weeks for violating the scholarship program study hour requirements. After the first warning, individuals will incur a ten dollar fine per day for any violation. Other violations of the program, including alcohol and drugs, may be determined by the scholarship chairman.

Section 12. Academic Content 
During mandated study hours, individuals on the scholarship program are required to be working on something that improves their academia. This would include studying for an exam, reviewing class material, reading, etc. Surfing the web, checking Facebook, Tweeting, etc. is not allowed during assigned study hours and will result in a warning.

Section 13. Grade Checks 
The Scholarship Chairman shall be in charge of conducting a grade check once per month for all members on the scholarship program. For the monthly grade check, a printed blackboard score and/or an email from the professor would suffice to provide a grade for a class.

Section 14. Grade Sheets 
After midterms, the Scholarship Chairman shall be in charge of issuing Official Grade Sheets to all members of the house - including those not on the Scholarship Program. These sheets shall report grades for each class enrolled in and shall be signed by each professor or teaching assistant. They shall be turned in within one week of being handed out and each late grade sheet shall incur a five dollar fine per day late -  up to a fifty dollar fine.

Section 15. Required Office Hour Visits 
Individuals placed on the lowest tier of the scholarship program (those having a GPA at or below a two point seven-five) shall be required to visit office hours for each class at least twice a month - which may count towards study hours. A signed note from the teacher or teaching assistant shall be provided to the scholarship chair after the office hour visit.

Section 16. Required Tutoring Session 
Individuals placed on the lowest tier of the scholarship program (those having a GPA at or below a two point seven-five) shall be required to attend at minimum one hour of tutoring for each class they are enrolled in - which may count towards study hours - each week. An individual may be relieved of this requirement for all or any class(es) at the Scholarship Chairman's consent.
 
Section 17. Academic Probation 
Individuals holding a GPA of two point seven-five or below will be placed on academic probation from the Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity. While under academic probation, individuals will not be able to attend any social function of the Fraternity including but not limited to: sorority mixers, minor/major walkout, spring get-away, etc. The individual will remain on academic probation until otherwise voted on by the executive board. Academic Probation (also known as social probation) shall be governed by the Scholarship Chairman and board. Members on academic or social probation shall not hold a vote towards the active chapter.

Section 18. Scholarship Display Board 
A designated place shall be created by the Scholarship Chairman at which a copy of all members placed on study hours will be posted including their required number of hours. GPA goals for the semester shall also be placed here.

Section 19. Discretion Clause 
Addendum One, Sections Five through Eighteen (the Scholarship Policy) are a suggested scholarship program, and any alternate program may be created by the Scholarship Chairman and proposed to the Executive Board for approval.

Section 20. Scholarship Board 
The Scholarship Chairman shall appoint a board of active members to help administer the scholarship program. The board size shall be up to the determination of the chairman. Duties of members appointed to the board shall be as assigned.

ADDENDUM 2 - SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY

Section 1. Purpose 
The social media policy for the University of Kansas chapter of Triangle Fraternity was developed in an effort to help members, our chapter, alumni, and associated organizations ensure the image and brand of Triangle Fraternity is consistent and protected. This policy, in no shape or form, is an effort by the Fraternity to control your protected right to freedom of expression, and any questions or concerns with the policy should be brought up to the current Recruitment chair.

When you create a social media site, it is important to understand that the account you use now reflects your chapter and is a direct reflection of Triangle Fraternity - whether directly or indirectly intended. Remember, anyone can visit your site including IFC, the media, university personnel, potential new members, potential employers, parents, and members of the National Council - please help to portray the correct image of yourself and Triangle Fraternity.

The absence of or lack of explicit reference to a specific site or conduct does not limit the extent of the application of this policy. Examples of social media sites include but are not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, web pages, Snapchat, Instagram, etc.

Section 2. Social Media Access 
The following officers shall be granted access to social media accounts:
A. Social Media Chairman 
B. Recruitment Chair 
C. President 
D. Vice-President
All officers will surrender their administrative roles upon resignation or termination of their position.

Publication rights on these sites will be limited to the Social Media Chairman. Any of the previously listed officers may also request a post by the Social Media Chairman. Any unauthorized publication not made by the Social Media Chair is subject to an Administrative Violation.

Section 3. Creation of Social Media Pages 
When creating a new page on a social media website, both the site and members should
properly identify themselves. The title of the site/page must contain both the chapter name and
establish affiliation with the National Fraternity. When possible, the name should be made
Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity. If this is not possible, the public relations chair has the
ability to make the name of the page within reasonable alteration of the suggested name for a
new site/page.

Section 4. Items / Topics Not Permitted on Pages by Board Members 
A. The following topics, posts, or items shall not be permitted on official Fraternity social media pages and shall be followed by any officer holding social media access:
B. Any stance on religious, political, or social issues - including student senate campaigns unless the fraternity has voted to take a position in support of one faction. This, however, does not limit a Chapter from posting notice of an event or speaker in which a stance is taken unless it is a campaigning event.
C. Personal information of any individual who has not consented to having their information disclosed.
D. Content pertaining to illegal, unprofessional, or inappropriate conduct of the Chapter or of its members, including but not limited to: 
	1. Representation of any alcoholic beverages.
	2. Representation or written references to drugs, alcohol, and/or other paraphernalia.
	3. Representation of any unofficial parties or events held by the chapter.
E. Announcements of an unofficial Fraternity event or personal event.
F. Postings that may be viewed as discrimination, harassment, or cyber-bullying.
G. Information or details regarding Ritual, fraternity business, or any other information that non-members of Triangle should not know.
H. Copyrights, trademarks, or publicity rights in which the necessary permissions of the rights holder(s) were not obtained prior to the posting.
I. Behavior inconsistent with the policies, values, and ethics of the National Fraternity.
J. Distasteful or offensive photos, graphics, audio, video, or automated presentations.
K. Explicit or vulgar language, photos, and graphics - including nudity and profanity.
L. Degrading comments or jokes referring to any race, ethnicity, or other organization - including other Greek houses.

Section 5. Individual Member Restrictions 
The Chapter and/or Fraternity reserve the right monitor the accounts of its members for
violations of this policy as well as the right to enforce this policy upon the signing of a semester
or annual contract. Additionally, the Chapter reserves the right and ability to require members to
follow, like, or the equivalent on any social media site which a member currently holds an
account to allow the Chapter or Fraternity to monitor said account.

Members of Triangle Fraternity shall refrain from using "Triangle Fraternity" or any attempt to refer to the Fraternity, its Chapters, or membership in any content, pictures, graphics, or unlicensed music used in any electronic media that are inconsistent with the Mission, Vision, Core Values, Principles, Social Media Policy, or Ethics of Triangle Fraternity.

Section 6. Content Prohibited on Pages of Individual Members

Section 6.1. When in Association with the Fraternity 
Association with the Fraternity or Chapter is defined as in any way, shape, or form being associated or identified with Triangle Fraternity - either nationally or at a Chapter level. This includes, but is not limited to:
A. Identifying a location as Triangle Fraternity House
B. Written identification with Triangle Fraternity
C. Wearing Triangle apparel or a "Delta T"
D. Associating with a Triangle-hosted or sponsored event

When posting in association with the Fraternity or Chapter, the following are prohibited:
A. Misrepresentation of the fraternity on any stance on religious, political, or social issues - including student senate campaigns.
B. Personal information of any individual who has not consented to having their information disclosed.
C. Content pertaining to illegal, unprofessional, or inappropriate conduct of the Chapter or of its members, including but not limited to: 
	1. Representation of any alcoholic beverages
	2. Representation or written references to drugs, alcohol, and/or other paraphernalia
	3. Representation of any unofficial parties or events held by the chapter
D. Announcements of an unofficial Fraternity event without prior approval of the member organizing the event.
E. Announcements of official Fraternity events, unless explicit permission from the member organizing the event has been obtained.
F. Postings that may be viewed as discrimination, harassment, or cyber-bullying.
G. Information or details regarding Ritual or any other information that non-members of Triangle should not know.
H. Copyrights, trademarks, or publicity rights in which the necessary permissions of the rights holder(s) were not obtained prior to the posting.
I. Behavior inconsistent with the policies, values, and ethics of the National Fraternity.
J. Distasteful or offensive photos, graphics, audio, video, or automated presentations.
K. Explicit or vulgar language, photos, and graphics - including nudity and profanity.
L. Degrading comments or jokes referring to any race, ethnicity, or other organization - including other Greek houses.

Section 6.2. When Not in Association with the Fraternity
Non-association with the Fraternity applies to all posting by members of the organization, whether or not the content is in association with the Fraternity as defined above.

When posting non-associated or non-affiliated with the Fraternity, Triangle Members may still be held to the following restrictions regarding social media at all times, including, but not limited to:
A. Misrepresentation of the fraternity on any stance on religious, political, or social issues - including student senate campaigns.
B. Personal information of any individual who has not consented to having their information disclosed.
C. Content pertaining to illegal activities, including but not limited to:Representation of any alcoholic beverages by underage persons.
	1. Representation or written references to drugs, alcohol, and/or other paraphernalia.
	2. Representation of any unofficial parties or events held by the chapter.
D. Announcements of any unofficial Fraternity event.
E. Announcements of official Fraternity events without explicit permission from the member organizing the event.
F. Postings that may be viewed as discrimination, harassment, or cyber-bullying.
G. Information or details regarding Ritual or any other information that non-members of Triangle should not know.
H. Degrading comments or jokes referring to any race, ethnicity, or other organization - including other Greek houses.

Section 7. Violations of Policy by Board Members
Shall the Chairman of External Affairs and / or Social Media Chair violate the policies outlined for them in Section Four of the Social Media Policy; the following steps shall be taken:
A. Written notification of policy violation by qualified member (see Section Two) shall be given to the Chair and member violating the policy, requiring that the Chair and member take proper steps to remove, fix, and / or solve the issue caused by the violation of policy.
B. If the Chair fails to remove, fix, and / or solve the issue presented via the written notification of policy violation, the violation may be brought to J-Board to be resolved in the best way J-Board sees fit.
C. If the Chair receives 3 notifications of policy notification within 1 term serving as Social Media or Recruitment Chair, they may be removed from their position if the Executive Board sees fit.

Section 8. Violations of Policy by Individual Members 
Shall an individual member of the Fraternity violate the policies outlined for them in Section Six of
the Social Media Policy; the following steps shall be taken:
A. Written notification of policy violation by qualified member (see Section Two) shall be given to the Chair and member violating the policy, requiring that the Chair and member take proper steps to remove, fix, and / or solve the issue caused by the violation of policy.
B. If the member fails to remove, fix, and/or solve the issue within twenty-four hours of notification, the violation may be brought to J-Board to be resolved in the best way J-Board sees fit.
Members in violation of the social media policy Two or more times per semester may be subject to
a fine as determined by the Recruitment chair. There is no set minimum to this fine, and
may be issued up to fifty dollars.

Section 9. Points of Clarification
Associated with the Fraternity or Chapter is classified as in any way, shape, or form being associated or identified with Triangle Fraternity - either nationally or at a Chapter level. This includes, but is not limited to: 
A. Identifying a location as Triangle Fraternity House 
B. Written identification with Triangle Fraternity 
C. Wearing Triangle apparel or a "Delta T"
D. Associating with a Triangle-hosted or sponsored event 
Non-affiliation with the Fraternity applies to all posting by members of the organization, whether or not they associate themselves with the Fraternity as defined above.

ADDENDUM 3 - ALCOHOL AND DRUG POLICY

Section 1. Purpose 
The Kansas Chapter of Triangle recognizes that the use of alcohol is a part of the social fabric of American culture. Alcohol awareness, safe consumption and education will continue to be an important aspect of the Fraternity educational programming for its members:

Section 2. Alcohol and Drug Policies 
A. The possession, use and/or consumption of alcoholic beverages, while on chapter premises, during an official fraternity event, or in any situation sponsored or endorsed by the chapter, must be in compliance with any and all legal agreements and the applicable laws of the state or property lease agreement, and must comply with national Triangle BYOB guidelines or Third Party Vendor guidelines. Consumption of alcohol on chapter premises shall be limited to those of the legal age of consumption. 
B. No alcoholic beverages may be purchased through the chapter treasury nor may the purchase of the same for members or guests be undertaken or coordinated in the name of or on behalf of the chapter, unless through a third-party vendor with a valid liquor license. 
C. Members shall not collectively or individually shall purchase for, serve to, or sell alcoholic beverages to any minor. Chapter members shall confront members who are engaging in or enabling underage drinking. 
D. The possession, sale, and/or use of any controlled substances (other than those obtained with a legal prescription) or illegal drugs at any chapter house, sponsored event, or at any event that an observer would associate with the Fraternity, is strictly prohibited. 
E. The active executive board and corporation board reserves the right to inspect individual rooms for any illegal drugs or possession of alcoholic beverages held by minors or persons. 
F. All recruitment activities associated with the chapter shall be a dry function. g. Open parties without specific invitation, where alcohol is present, shall be prohibited. h. No alcohol or substance shall be present at any pledge program or activity of the chapter. 
G. No bulk quantity common source alcoholic dispensers may be purchased by the Chapter (i.e. kegs or cases). 
H. Guests at chapter sponsored events shall: 
	1. Non-members must receive a specific invitation to attend any chapter sponsored event at which alcohol is present. They may be placed on a guest list in lieu of being given an invitation. 
	2. Guest lists shall be prepared and submitted 48 hours prior to the event to the IFC office at The University of Kansas. 
	3. No potential new members may be present at any event in which alcohol is present. 
	4. Upon entering the chapter premise for social functions, those of the legal drinking age shall be designated with a wristband or "x" after checking legal form(s) of Identification. 
I. Sober monitors shall be present at all social events hosted by the chapter (those in which alcohol is and is not present) and must remain at each event until its conclusion and all attendees have left. At least one member of the sober monitors shall be made available to transport individuals on the guest list within reason. These sober monitors shall include, at minimum, the: 
	1. President 
	2. Vice-President 
	3. Risk Management 
	4. Social Chairman 
	5. Sergeant at Arms 
J. The chapter shall follow all guidelines and regulations as set forth within the national bylaws and policies as University and IFC regulations and policies. m. Activity and behaviors not consistent with the values, ethics, and morals of the Fraternity shall result in individual members being presented to the Standard Board. Additional restrictions and impositions concerning alcohol, regardless of the individual's age, may be voted upon. 
K. Members consuming alcohol outdoors on chapter property, including during tailgates, shall do their best to conceal alcoholic beverages. This may include the use of koozies. o. Members under the age of legal consumption shall not possess or consume alcohol during tailgating events, as consistent with all legal agreements and the applicable laws of the state or property lease agreement. 
L. The President, Vice President, and Risk Management Chair shall reserve the right to issue a cease and desist to any gathering, regardless of size, in which alcohol is being consumed. 
M. No alcohol or other substances shall be used within the formal room, study room or during chapter meetings unless approved by the executive board. 
N. Members on study hours shall not consume alcohol or use illicit substances during or before the completion of their study hours. 
O. The chapter shall require all social events to be approved by the executive board. These events shall follow all IFC regulatory policies, including guest lists, door monitors, sober monitors and forty-eight hour notice prior to the event for executive approval. Approval shall come via a majority vote of the executive board.

ADDENDUM 4 - RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

Section 1. Policy 
Undergraduate chapters are expected to follow the Risk Management Policies of Triangle. Where local or campus policies conflict, chapters should follow the most restrictive policy/ies. Ultimately, successful adherence to these policies can be summed up as, "Obey the law; Live the Ethics."

Section 2. Alcohol and Drugs 
In any activity sponsored or endorsed by any Triangle chapter or at any event that a reasonable, objective observer would associate with a chapter, including those that occur on or off chapter premises: 
A. Chapters, members, and guests must comply with all federal, state, provincial, and local laws. No person under the legal drinking age may possess, consume, provide, or be provided alcoholic beverages. 
B. Chapters, members, and guests must follow the federal law regarding illegal drugs and controlled substances. No person may possess, use, provide, distribute, sell, and/or manufacture illegal drugs or other controlled substances while at any chapter premises or at any activity or event sponsored or endorsed by the chapter. 
C. Alcoholic beverages must either be: provided and sold on a per-drink basis by a licensed and insured third-party vendor (e.g., restaurant, bar, caterer, etc.); or brought by individual members and guests through a bring your own beverage ("BYOB") system. The presence of alcohol products above fifteen percent alcohol by volume (ABV) is prohibited on any chapter premises or at any event, except when served by a licensed and insured third-party vendor. 
D. Common sources of alcohol, including bulk quantities, which are not being served by a licensed, insured third-party vendor, are prohibited (i.e., amounts of alcohol greater than what a reasonable person should consume over the duration of an event). 
E. Alcoholic beverages must not be purchased with chapter funds or funds pooled by members or guests (e.g. admission fees, cover fees, collecting funds through digital apps, etc.). 
F. A chapter must not co-host or co-sponsor, or in any way participate in, an activity or event with another group or entity that purchases or provides alcohol. 
G. A chapter must not co-host or co-sponsor an event with a bar, event promoter or alcohol distributor; however, a chapter may rent a bar, restaurant, or other licensed and insured third-party vendor to host a chapter event. 
H. Attendance by non-members at any event where alcohol is present must be by invitation only, and the chapter must utilize a guest list system. Attendance at events with alcohol is limited to a three to one maximum guest-to-member ratio and must not exceed local fire or building code capacity of the chapter premises or event venue.
I. Any event or activity related to the new member joining process (e.g., recruitment, intake, rush, etc.) must be substance free. No alcohol or drugs may be present if the event or activity is related to new member activities, meetings, or initiation into an organization, including but not limited to "bid night", "big/little" events or activities, "family" events or activities, and any ritual or ceremony. 
J. Chapters, members or guests must not permit, encourage, coerce, glorify or participate in any activities involving the rapid consumption of alcohol, such as drinking games. 

Section 3. Hazing 
The term "hazing" means any intentional, knowing, or reckless act committed by a person, whether individually or in concert with other persons, against any individual or group of individuals, regardless of affiliation, whether or not committed at a Triangle premises, for the purpose of recruiting, joining, pledging, initiating, admitting, affiliating, or for the purpose of continued membership or enhanced status in an organization that causes an individual or group of individuals to do any of the following, regardless of a person's willingness to participate: 
A. Be coerced to violate federal, state, provincial, local law, or [organizational] policy.
B. Be coerced to consume any food, liquid, alcoholic liquid, drug, or other substance in any non-customary manner which subjects the individual or group of individuals to a substantial risk of emotional or physical harm which includes but not limited to sickness, vomiting, intoxication, or unconsciousness. 
C. Endure brutality of a physical nature, including but not limited to whipping, beating, paddling, branding, dangerous physical activity, or exposure to elements or endure threats of such conduct that results in mental or physical harm. 
D. Endure brutality of a mental nature, including but not limited to activity adversely affecting the mental health or dignity of the individual, sleep deprivation, exclusion from social contact or conduct that could result in extreme embarrassment or endure threats of such conduct that results in mental or physical harm. 
E. Endure any other activity which adversely affects the health and safety of an individual, including but not limited to the disruption of academic performance or class attendance, required designated driving programs, line ups, calisthenics, or personal, physical, or financial servitude. 
Section 4. Sexual Abuse and Misconduct 
Triangle and its members must comply with all federal, state, provincial and local laws related to sexual misconduct. This is to include any actions, activities, or events, whether at a chapter facility or an off-site location, that are demeaning to women or men, This is including, but not limited to definitions around consent, sexual violence, sexual harassment, domestic violence, dating violence, stalking and sexual exploitation. The hiring or use of strippers, exotic dancers, or similar, whether professional or amateur, at a fraternity event as defined in this policy is prohibited. 

Section 5. Respect and Dignity 
Triangle expects its organizations, members and guests to respect the dignity of all persons. This includes, but is not limited to, the areas of gender, ethnicity, national origin, race, sexuality, religious or cultural practices or individuals with disabilities. Abusive, harassing or discriminatory behavior towards others is prohibited.

Section 6. Fighting and Physical Abuse 
The fraternity will not tolerate or condone any form of fighting or physically abusive behavior while on chapter premises or during a fraternity event, in any situation sponsored or endorsed by the chapter, or at any event a reasonable observer would associate with the fraternity.

Section 7. Fire, Health, & Safety 
Chapter houses must meet all applicable fire and health codes and standards. Chapters should also comply with any recommendations as reported by the Fraternity's insurance company or municipal authorities.

Section 8. Firearms, Explosives, or Incendiary Devices 
The [organization] and its members must comply with all federal, state, provincial, local laws and campus policy as it relates to firearms or explosive or incendiary devices. Firearms or explosive or incendiary devices are prohibited from the chapter facility and at all fraternity activities or events.

Section 9. Water Features 
The use of self-constructed pools, bodies of water, slip-and-slides or similar, on chapter premises or at any event a reasonable, objective observer would associate with the fraternity is prohibited.

Section 10. Retaliation 
Triangle prohibits retaliation against any individual members and non-members for reporting, inquiring, or cooperating with a report around a violation of these policies. Retaliation is any action, statement, or behavior that is designed to punish an individual for filing a compliance report, cooperating with a compliance investigation, seeking guidance regarding a compliance concern, or to deter one from taking such action.
 
Section 11. Education 
All student members shall be informed of the Risk Management Policy of Triangle Fraternity annually. A copy of the Risk Management Policy is also available on the Fraternity's website.

ADDENDUM 5 - STANDARDS POLICY

Section 1. Purpose 
The standards policy of the Fraternity shall exist to promote the integrity, mission, and values of the National Fraternity.

Section 2. Factors of Standards 
The following elements shall be assigned their specified point values within the standards policy: 
A. Attend all required events unless excused (you must be excused prior to the event) (One point possible) 
B. Must complete 80% of house duties over a semester, this includes completing all BADD duty, if participating in BADD (Two points possible; One point for completing seventy to eighty percent of house duties and BADD, Two points for completing eighty percent or higher and BADD) 
C. Complete and turn in all of the required amount of community service hours (Two points possible; One point for completing eight to twelve hours of community service, Two points for completing twelve or more hours of community service) 
D. May only miss two unexcused Chapter meetings. (Two points possible; One point for missing three or fewer Chapter meetings, Two points for missing two or fewer Chapter meetings) 
E. Pay to the Fraternity all debts including: house bill, social fees, property damage assessments, out-of-house fees, contract termination fees, and fines levied by the Fraternity by the end of the semester in which the debt was incurred. (One point possible) 
F. Standards points shall be calculated as follows: 
	1. Four points for GPA greater than or at three point two.
	2. Three points for GPA greater than or at three point zero.
	3. Two points for GPA greater than or at two point seven-five.
	4. One point for GPA greater than or at two point five.
G. Participate in all house-sponsored philanthropies (unless excused) and also participate in a minimum of one other Greek philanthropy throughout the semester. (One point possible)
H. Strive to avoid any arrest by the Police, any charge of academic dishonesty by Kansas University, any incident of drunk driving, any physical or sexual assault of a Brother, a guest of a Brother, or a guest of the Chapter, any theft of or damage to a Brother's or the Fraternity's property, or engage in the use or possession of illegal drugs within the Fraternity House. (One point possible) 
I. Complete all steps a pledge education and member education (Two points possible; awarding of points subject to pledge education chair's/member educator's discretion)
J. Social media policy - follow the social media policy (One point possible)
	1. "Following the Social Media policy" is herein defined as receiving zero notices of violation, as defined in this addendum, during the standards evaluation period. This applies to both individual member pages and those holding access to chapter pages.

Section 3. Standing 
A brother may achieve a maximum score of Seventeen. A brother is expected to achieve a minimum accountability score of Fourteen to remain in good standing with the Chapter. A brother's score can fall into three different levels. Level One is a score of Fourteen or higher. Level Two is a score of Eleven to Thirteen. Level Three is a score of Ten or lower. The brother's score is calculated at the end of every semester, with consequences to the score beginning effected the following semester. A Level One score is sufficient and no action is taken by the Judicial Board (j-board). A brother receiving a Level One score may be subject to action by the chapter separate from the action by the J-board. This document or program is not intended to deprive the chapter of its duly enacted bylaws, house policies, or constitution. Thus, the chapter may subject a brother to its own policies independent of any action by the J-board.

A Level Two score requires that the J-board review the calculation of the brother's score. If the score is found to still be a Level Two score, the J-board shall call the brother before them or notify the brother of his score in writing. If a brother receives a score of Level Two for two consecutive semesters, this brother is required to meet with the J-board to discuss why he has failed to reach a Level One score for the past two semesters. The brother in question will discuss the reasoning for failing to achieve Level One standing for the previous two semesters. After reviewing the individual Standards Reports and after listening to the brother's verbal explanation, the J-board and Standards chair will discuss options to ensure that this member will achieve Level One standing. Social probation or limitations of involvement of social events is an option but is at the discretion of both the J-board and Standards chair to decide what actions or punishments may need to be issued for the member in question. The main goal for the meeting is to not discourage the member but to figure out why he has not been able to achieve Level One standing and what is the best way to support the member over the new semester to ensure that they will reach Level One Standing. If the member does not follow the J-board's recommendations for the semester and is still on Level Two standing for a third consecutive semester, said member will be placed on social probation effective immediately. The length of the social probation will be decided by the J-Board following a hearing in which the member will provide a verbal explanation of why he has remained on Level Two standing. The J-board, Standards chair, or Executive board hold no right to place a member on Level Three standing for failing to reach Level One standing. 

A Level Three score requires that the J-board review the calculation of the brother's score. If the score is found to remain a Level Three score, the J-board shall call the brother before them or notify the brother of his score in writing. At that time, the brother should offer reasons for failing to achieve a Level One score and petition for a probationary semester. Should the brother offer unsatisfactory reasons or fail to respond to the J-board's notification, the J-board shall proceed with action to dismiss the brother from the chapter. The J-board may accept the petition for a probationary period, may reject the petition and take actions to remove the brother from membership, or take other remedial action necessary to move the brother from a Level Three score to a Level One score. Action to remove the brother from membership shall consist of evicting the brother from the chapter house and bring the brother's membership to the active chapter for a vote to remove the member per the National Bylaws. Should the brother fail to be removed by the active chapter, the alumni organization will petition the National Council to remove the brother from membership per the National Bylaws. 

Key Metric Point Value Responsible
1. 1 Secretary 
2. 2 Custodian 
3. 2 Community Service Chair 
4. 2 Secretary 
5. 1 Treasurer 
6. 4 Scholarship Chair 
7. 1 Philanthropy Chair 
8. 1 Sergeant at Arms 
9. 2 Member Educator and Pledge Education Chair 
10. 1 Social Media

ADDENDUM 6 - ABILITY TO FINE

Section 1. Purpose 
The following is a list of fineable offenses to the Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity. Only fines listed below may be considered as fineable offenses:

Section 2. Fines 
1. Failure to complete study hours results in a five dollar fine.
2. Missing any required/closed event results in a fifty dollar fine.
3. Failure to submit grade checks on time results in ten dollars plus an additional five dollars for each additional week.
4. Missing a chapter without being excused results in a fifty dollar fine or BADD duty assignment for one night.
5. Failure to submit annual paperwork to the secretary may result in a five dollar fine plus one dollar for each additional day.
6. Missing a parking duty on game-day shall result in a five dollar fine.
7. Failure to parking in the correct assigned parking spot is two dollars.
8. Plate and Cup Checks may have the authority to issue fines based on utensils found. Each individual is allotted one set (one cup, plate, bowl, spoon, and fork) without charge. Each additional item is subject to fine, up to a maximum of twenty dollars at silverware and cups (two dollars), plate / bowl (three dollars) and pitcher (five dollars).
9. The Treasurer and President may issue fines pertinent to housing contracts as specified within the housing contract. 
10. Possession, distribution or use of any illegal drug, paraphernalia or equipment used to consume or preform illegal activities in accordance with the State of Kansas or Federal Law, or as defined by the Corporation Board, may be confiscated and/or destroyed by the Corporation Board, or President whom acts as liaison of the Corporation Board, at any time. A fine deemed acceptable by the Corporation Board may be issued in any amount, which shall not be overturned or lowered by the Judiciary Board, and may only be overturned or lowered by the Corporation Board as deemed acceptable. If the fine remains unpaid for a duration no longer than thirty-one days, the defendant shall be brought before Corporation Board to testify, with the expectation of eviction from the property and Chapter home. 
11. Failure to fill out forms given by an Executive board member to the amount of no more than ten dollars. 
12. Secretary shall have the ability to fine any current member no more than twenty-five dollars for being late to Chapter without being excused from the President.
13. Custodian shall have the ability to fine any current member five dollars per offense for failure to complete assigned cleaning duty, dish and server duty, or their assigned cat care duty.
14. The Recruitment Chairman has the right to fine any member for not attending a scheduled recruitment event without a valid excuse. The warning system will be as follows: 
	1. First offense will be a talk with the member one-on-one for their reason.
	2. Second offense will be a five dollar fine.
	3. Third offense and up will be a ten dollar fine.
	4. Offenses reset at each semester.

Section 3. Revoking Fine Privilege 
Any member given the responsibility and ability to fine who is deemed unfit to issue fines by an Executive Board member, or uses fines to excess, shall present their case to the Executive Board, which will determine the removal of finable rights following a two-thirds vote of the Executive Board

ADDENDUM 7 - ALUMNI BOARD

Section 1. Purpose 
The alumni board shall exist to ensure healthy operation of the Chapter.

Section 2. Duties of the Alumni Board 
The following is a list of the duties and responsibilities of the members of the alumni board:
A. Attend chapter meetings.
B. Meet with officers of the Chapter and evaluate their progress.
C. Mediate dialogue between the Chapter and the Corporation Board.
D. Enforce fines and/or disciplinary actions levied by the Judicial Board as deemed fit by the Sergeant at Arms.
E. Issue fines and/or disciplinary actions to members who are found guilty of a serious breach of the bylaws/law (i.e. hazing, possessing drugs and/or hard alcohol on the property of the Chapter, sexual misconduct etc.) as deemed fit by the President, Vice President, and Sergeant at Arms.

ADDENDUM 8 - EMERGENCY HEALTH AND SAFETY POLICY

Section 1. Purpose 
The emergency health and safety policy for the Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity shall serve to protect all members if the need arises. This policy is not meant to restrict the freedom of any members and all concerns should be brought up to the current Sergeant at Arms or President. This policy is only meant to be enforced with reason to protect all in house and out of house members for a specified period of time.

Section 2. Enactment 
This policy shall be enforceable following a simple majority, quorum vote of the current Executive board assuming there is a clear and present danger proving this policy is necessary. The current president must then inform the entire Chapter at the next Chapter Meeting unless the wait is longer than two weeks in which case electronic means shall be taken to communicate its enactment.
 
The Executive Board must evaluate and re-vote every four weeks in order for this policy to remain in force with a simple majority, quorum vote required. If any subsequent motion by the Executive Board to continue enacting this policy fails to pass, the policy shall be unenforceable immediately. The Executive Board may, at any time, suspend the enactment of this policy indefinitely.

Section 3. Electronic Voting 
Assuming in-person meetings by the Executive Board are not possible, the board may vote by electronic means. Each member of the Executive Board shall be given twenty-four hours to submit their vote to the president.

Section 4. Actions Not Permitted 
The following are actions members living inside the Chapter house are restricted from doing.
1. Visit an establishment with a liquor license for the purpose of drinking and not eating.
2. Visit a strip club for any reason.
3. Not wearing a mask in a public space including, but not limited to: 
	1. Restaurants 
	2. University Campus 
	3. Inside of the Kitchen 
	4. Basement during meal times except while sitting down to eat or drink 
4. Attending any party or hangout with more than ten people without wearing a mask.
5. Violation of the mandatory two-week quarantine clarified in section Five.
6. Failure to isolate oneself prior to receiving a negative test result if found to have come in contact with a positive COVID case unless a member chooses to isolate for two consecutive weeks. 

All members are strongly encouraged to monitor their own physical health by using the COVID Symptom Checker provided within the Triangle Google drive.

Section 5. Violations of Policy 
Shall an individual member violate the policy as outlined in Section Four, the following steps shall be taken including a mandatory two-week quarantine and a retest if found necessary by the current president. 
1. First offense: ten dollar fine.
2. Second offense: twenty dollar fine and mandatory meeting with J-board.
3. Third offense: thirty dollar fine, loss of general conduct standards point, social probation (at the discretion of J-board), and mandatory meeting with J-board.
4. Fourth offense: fourty dollar fine, meeting with the Executive Board, and automatic social probation effective once IFC lifts the social moratorium.
5. Fifth offense: membership review meeting with exec and Alumni board invited to attend.

Section 6. Enforcement 
The current President shall have full authority to fine members in accordance with Section Five who have been found in violation of this policy. All fines issued in accordance with this policy may be sent to the J-Board for clarification and/or appeal of the offense. The loss of the general conduct standards point outlined in Section Five Line Three shall only be sent to the standards committee for clarification and/or appeal.

ADDENDUM 9 - DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION / NON-DISCRIMINATION POLICY

Section 1. Position
Triangle Fraternity is fueled by balanced members who cultivate high moral character and live their lives with integrity. These individuals bring a diverse story, personal history, and perspective that create an organization unlike any other. This policy is not intended to alter our status as a single-sex organization or conflict with existing membership policies. The Ritual of Triangle defines the standard by which each brother should be judged - individual merit, not class or category - and the restriction of membership due to any other criteria is inconsistent with the guiding principles of our fraternity. We find value in an organization that fosters companionships amongst men with similar professional interests and goals and remain steadfast in our commitment to promoting and prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion within our organization. We believe our members' lived experiences and perspectives make Triangle a relevant and valued partner to the STEM industry, our local communities, and institutions of higher education.

Section 2. Policy
Potential members who self-identify as male and meet Triangle's academic or professional requirements are eligible for membership. Triangle Fraternity welcomes potential members of all races, ethnicities, ages, religions, abilities, and sexual orientations. No member shall lose their membership rights due to a change in biological sex, gender identity, or gender expression. Our organization will not condone or tolerate any acts of bigotry, hate, and/or discrimination towards individuals or groups of people by our members, volunteers, or staff. The University of Kansas prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression and genetic information in the University's programs and activities.

Section 3. Mutual Accountability
Triangle Fraternity is driven by a diverse community of members, volunteers, and staff, all of whom are expected to uphold this policy. Individuals who experience or observe any act incongruent with this policy, that may be associated with the fraternity or its members, are expected to report it to the Triangle Fraternity National Headquarters. Triangle remains steadfast in our commitment to equitable treatment and the elimination of discrimination in all forms, at all organizational levels, and throughout all programs and services.

Section 4. Organizational Impact
Honoring the dignity and fundamental value of all individuals will allow the organization to focus on progress for the betterment of all people. Triangle Fraternity will continue to develop and maintain an environment that respects the identities, experiences, and heritages of our members, volunteers, partners and staff. By promoting these values, we aim to create an environment that encourages a sense of belonging among both our members and stakeholders.

Record of Addendums and Amendments
1. Bylaw base document: 12/1/16. 
- Base bylaw document was adopted by the chapter
2. Amendment made on 1/22/23
- Edits made to increase comprehension, legibility, and clarity of the Bylaws
3. Addendum 9 Adopted in on 4/16/23
- Added a comprehensive Nondiscrimination policy adding to what was already present in other sections.
4. Addendum 10 Adopted in on 4/30/23
- Reworked and redefined the supervising executive position for the Philanthropy and Community Service chairman, established how to change the supervising executive position between Vice President and Vice President of External Affairs
5. Amendment to Vice President of External Affairs and Recruitment Chairs: adopted 11/19/23
- VPE has been replaced by the Recruitment Chair and the duties have been redefined
- Recruitment (non-exec) has been replaced by Outreach Chair, duties redefined
- Community Service chair will be under the supervision of the Vice President
- Philanthropy chair will be under the supervision of the Treasurer
- Bylaw chair will be under the supervision of the Secretary
- Dissolution of IFC Rep
- Revocation of Addendum 10
6. Amendment to Social Media Policy: adopted 11/19/23
- Expanded on restrictions for posts made by members of the chapter on their own social media pages outside of the house or associated events
- Clarification of what defines a violation and the repercussions of said violation(s)
