CONSTITUTION OF THE KANSAS CHAPTER OF TRIANGLE FRATERNITYArticle 1 - Organization InformationSection 1. Organization Name The name of the organization shall be the Kansas Chapter of Triangle Fraternity, hereinafter referred to as the Kansas Chapter, Fraternity, or chapter.Section 2. Organization PurposeThe purpose of the organization shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects and scientists. It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live with integrity.Section 3. Objectives of the Organization The objectives of the organization, which apply to all members, are: A. To help develop the highest standards of personal integrity and character,B. To foster and provide an intellectual, mature environment for its members through individual and group effort and through the mutual companionship of men with similar professional interests and goals,C. To foster and provide the broadening experience of fraternity living with its social and moral challenges and responsibilities for the individual and the chapter,D. To recognize and support the objectives and goals of the alma mater and those of the community through responsible participation and action,E. To help bridge the gap between undergraduate study and the vocation of the individual in industry, the academic world or government,F. To foster and maintain a bond of fraternal brotherhood through a continuing program of activity for the alumni, andG. To bring into focus the elements of planned progress for the betterment of mankind. Article 2 - Black Balling Section 1. DefinitionBlack balling is the process in which the active body votes on whether or not the incoming members of the new member class hold to the standards that the fraternity requires. Section 2. EligibilityIn order to be eligible for blackballing each member must succeed in the following areas.A. Complete the new member education program as determined by the new member educator.B. Be within good standards as determined by the standards chairmen.Section 3. VotingThe following is the procedure for on how blackballing will proceed.A. The new member educator will facility the order and give required information whether each member is eligible for blackballing or not.B. The standards board next will determine if the member is eligible for blackballing per the standards policy.C. A discussion about each new member that is eligible for blackballing on whether or not they should be black balled.D. Once the discussion has ended a closed vote shall be done with the black ball box and balls.E. A twenty percent vote of active members is required to black ball a new member.F. The father of the new member shall indicate to the new member if they were black balled or not within a two week period or be issued a five dollar fine. Article 3 - Amendment Clause Section 1: Suspension and Regulation The following is the procedure for how the Kansas chapter of Triangle would go about amending the constitution, or suspending the constitution.A. In order for an amended change the bylaw committee must bring the change to the active body and it must pass a two-thirds quorum vote.B. Quorum is defined of at least seventy-five percent of the active body members of Triangle.C. In order to suspend the constitution for an allotted period of time, there must be a three-fourths quorum vote in order to suspend the constitution. Article 4 - BylawsSection 1. Information about Bylaws The bylaws are a separate document that can be found by asking the bylaw chairman, but must be requested 48 hours prior to needing the bylaws. 