Welcome to Triangle! Triangle is the only men's STEM fraternity experience, open to engineers, architects and scientists. We provide a social experience with a focus on academic success and professional preparation.

Triangle Fraternity was founded in 1907 by sixteen engineers at the University of Illinois.  From the start, it was meant to be a place where men of similar majors could socialize, support each other’s academic pursuits and better prepare themselves for successful careers. 
Since that time, our membership has grown and expanded to include mathematics and the physical sciences as well as architecture, making us STEM long before the term was coined in 2001.  Today, we continue to provide a unique social, academic and professional experience for STEM majors.
 
The Purpose of Triangle
The purpose of Triangle shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects, and scientists. It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live their lives with integrity.
 
The Objectives of Triangle
To help develop the highest standards of personal integrity and character;
To foster and provide an intellectual, mature environment for its members through individual and group effort and through the mutual companionship of men with similar professional interests and goals;
To foster and provide the broadening experience of fraternity living with its social and moral challenges and responsibilities for the individual and the chapter;
To recognize and support the objectives and goals of the alma mater and those of the community through responsible participation and action;
To help bridge the gap between undergraduate study and the vocation of the individual in industry, the academic world or government;
To foster and maintain a bond of fraternal brotherhood through a continuing program of activity for the alumni, and;
To bring into focus the elements of planned progress for the betterment of mankind.

Building Better Men, In Order to Build a Better World
Our commitment to building better men dates back more than 110 years to our beginnings at the University of Illinois, where Triangle was founded by 16 civil engineers who chose to lead in the classroom, on the campus, and within the community. Their choice was to form a group to provide support for their social, academic and professional goals.
Since that founding, we have expanded nationwide and broadened our membership to include men pursuing STEM and Architecture degrees – essentially becoming a STEM fraternity experience before the acronym was even created. We remain dedicated to supporting our members socially, academically and professionally.
There is no other men’s STEM fraternity experience.  If you are looking for a STEM group to support your academic goals and graduation, provide leadership and social opportunities, and a connection with thousands of prominent alumni in the fields of engineering, architecture, and science, talk to Triangle.
Our members understand the challenges of a technical degree path and can be both a support system and valuable stepping stone on the path to a successful technical career.
 
Core Values
Triangle’s values are taught to each member through our Ritual of Initiation. During this secret ceremony, we learn, in the words of our founders, the values and ideals upon which our fraternity was built more than a century ago. Our Ritual is a call to action – a commitment to strive each day to live by our founding principles and work perpetually for the betterment of Triangle and the world. More importantly, however, is how we publicly express our values.
Our Code of Ethics codifies the lessons and commitments made during our Ritual of Initiation; it is the basis for our public values statement. Our Code of Ethics, expresses to all members – initiated and associate members, students and alumni – and non-members the principles upon which Triangle was founded and upon which our daily decisions should be made.
Code of Ethics
As a member of Triangle, I recognize my obligation to
Observe the precepts of the Fraternity as set forth in the Ritual;
Accept cheerfully my full share of any task, however menial, involved in maintaining a chapter home;
Preserve and promote the chosen ideals of my Fraternity;
Pay all personal bills promptly, and always live within my means;
Help create in my chapter home an environment in which enduring friendships may be formed;
Maintain a creditable scholastic record;
Promote the welfare of my profession;
Maintain self-respect by proper conduct at all times;
Uphold faithfully the traditions and program of my Alma Mater;
Pay the price of success in honest effort.

Leadership Development
Triangle Fraternity is a values-based membership development organization that focuses on building brotherhood through character enhancement, leadership development, academic achievement, commitment to service, and lifelong friendship and social experiences.

New Member Education
The new member education period is just the starting point of your Triangle experience. It is a fun and exciting time where you will get to learn all about Triangle, meet new people and discover who you want to become not only as a member, but as a son, student, and friend.
Think of the new member education process as your orientation; it is your introduction to Triangle. The purpose of the new member education period is to Help individuals become familiar with the history, facts, and principles of Triangle. While this may not be the most important thing you learn during your new member period, understanding how Triangle came to be is a necessary foundation for your membership. Introduce members to what the fraternity experience will look like. The new member process should be a combination of learning information and engaging in the normal day-to-day activities of fraternity business.
To learn more about the Everyman Program, Triangle’s New Member Education, please click here.
Continued Education
Triangle is an interfraternal leader in educating its members. From our annual on-the-ground programming to our on-site chapter education, to our newly developed online learning, Triangle is committed to meeting the needs of our new members, active members, and alumni members.
To address emerging trends on campuses and in fraternities, Triangle has developed a comprehensive member education palate called The Journey, which is relevant to today’s college men and which provides opportunities for a meaningful lifelong fraternity experience, preparing them to shoulder their full responsibility as citizens in a global society.  

Leadership Through Service
It was important to us that we found a cause that our members could contribute their skill-set to and that they would be passionate about.  We are thrilled to begin a new partnership with FIRST® where our members will have the opportunity to work with kids from kindergarten to 12th grade in one of four programs (FIRST® LEGO® LEAGUE JR., FIRST® LEGO® LEAGUE, FIRST® TECH CHALLENGE, and FIRST® ROBOTICS COMPETITION).
The mission of FIRST “is to inspire young people to be science and technology leaders and innovators, by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills, that inspire innovation, and that foster well-rounded life capabilities including self-confidence, communication, and leadership.”

Risk Management Education
Triangle believes very strongly in providing education, training and adult guidance to help our collegiate members make good choices and to understand the consequences of their choices.
In an effort to ensure the safety and well-being of our chapters and members, we have joined the Fraternal Health & Safety Initiative Consortium who has created a comprehensive educational approach to address the negative behaviors associated with alcohol and drug abuse, hazing and sexual abuse. The curriculum’s key learning objectives are delivered by trained facilitators and supplemented by advisors, alumni, and staff members. The FHSI training modules are designed to help empower members to be change agents in their communities.

Risk Management Guidelines
As a member of the Fraternal Information & Programming Group (FIPG), Triangle endorses the FIPG risk management guidelines, which help to reduce risks for individual members as well as the greater organization. The FIPG guidelines are the standard for nearly every fraternity and sorority.

ACTIVE MEMBERSHIP
Membership in Triangle is unlike anything else. Your Triangle collegiate experience will offer you the opportunities to develop socially, professionally, and emotionally.

NATIONAL RESOURCES
Chapter’s success depends on the partnership with the National Office.  The National Staff’s primary responsibility is to support active chapters & colonies and our individual members.  Whether it is information on dues and fees, national award winners, or scholarships the National Office is committed to providing chapters with the resources that they need.
CHAPTER OFFICERS
One of the greatest leadership opportunities that a Triangle member can experience is serving on their chapter’s executive board. Chapter executive board officers are responsible for the day-to-day operations of their chapter. Updating member rosters, providing membership training, and completing National forms are just some of the tasks of an executive officer.

MEMBER DEVELOPMENT
Member development is one of the most special aspects of the fraternal experience.  By joining a fraternity you are provided with the programs and workshops that will help you develop personally, professionally, emotionally, and socially.  Triangle is committed to providing active chapters with risk management, academic, and interpersonal training opportunities.

ALUMNI MEMBERSHIP
Membership in Triangle is lifelong. After graduation, there are many opportunities to stay involved, live our Code of Ethics and build yourself into a better man.

STAY INVOLVED
After graduation, you do not stop being a Triangle. There are many ways for our alumni to stay involved and connected to the Fraternity throughout any stage of life. Review the options on this page to see which option may be best for you, or contact the Director of Alumni Engagement & Stewardship for more info on any option.

ALUMNI CHAPTERS
Each Triangle chapter has an alumni chapter comprised of its alumni that help the undergraduate chapter in many ways, including planning and fundraising. Alumni Chapters are the perfect way to stay up-to-date with your chapter. They also provide leadership opportunities should you want to lead a committee, plan an event and more.

AREA ALUMNI ORGANIZATIONS
Area Alumni Organizations are found in numerous geographic locations and are made up of Triangles living in that area, regardless of their chapter affiliation. Alumni groups allow you to make new friends, network and stay connected to the Fraternity. Each group has officers that help keep the group running, as well as plan events.

MEMBERSHIP DEVELOPMENT BOARD
Each undergraduate chapter and colony needs a team of advisors in place to assist, support and mentor the undergraduate officers and general members on an ongoing basis. Most of these advisors are alumni members of the Fraternity, but a substantial number are non-members who may work at the host institution. Contact the Director of Alumni Engagement & Stewardship for more info.

NATIONAL VOLUNTEER
Triangle has many national volunteer positions for alumni. These include serving as a chapter Recruitment Coach, a trained facilitator for our FHSI Health and Safety program, or as a member of the Fraternity National Council, Educational Foundation Board of Directors or the Triangle Building and Housing Corporation Board of Directors.

FOUNDATION DONOR
One of the easiest ways to contribute to Triangle as an alumnus is to donate to the Triangle Educational Foundation. Your money will help the Foundation fund the Fraternity’s educational programs and scholarships. There are also specific funds set up to help individual chapters. The Foundation will send you regular updates on the impact your donation has made on Triangle brothers
National Headquarters Address
120 S. Center Street
Plainfield, IN 46168
P | (317) 837-9640
F | (317) 837-9642
Office Hours
Monday through Friday
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Eastern)

Welcome Letter
Dear Parents and Friends
We are pleased you and your student are taking time to learn about our organization.  Founded in 1907 at the University of Illinois, Triangle Fraternity is the nation’s premier fraternal organization for men pursuing degrees in Engineering, Architecture, and the Sciences.  Over 110 years later, Triangle Fraternity continues to provide personal and professional development opportunities for our undergraduate and alumni members.
As our non-Greek letter name suggests, we are a bit different than other men’s social fraternities.  We support scholarship and the attainment of a degree first and provide social outlets to compliment the academic experience.  In essence, we take smart, focused men and provide the social and leadership skills to make them well-rounded graduates.
Over the course of history Triangle and its members have achieved the following:
Over 30,000 men initiated.
Over 23,000 living members and 1,100 undergraduate men.
Triangle brothers have served as CEOs for industry-leading organizations such as Shell Oil, AT&T and Blizzard Entertainment, and are successful leaders in education, medicine, technology, government/military and in law.
As your student pursues an engineering, architecture, or science degree, he will have the ability to network with our alumni – from those who are running international corporations to those in start-up industries in his field of study.
With our focus on academics and professional development, Triangle brothers take their studies seriously and regularly place high in GPA rankings among their peer organizations.  We also graduate at higher rates than non-fraternity men.
Our Fraternity’s dedication to risk management has earned us one of the lowest insurance premium rates of all men’s fraternities.
Triangle supports education and the attainment of a technical degree, but also emphasizes preparing for life after college.  I think you will agree our Code of Ethics is wise guidance for any young man looking for success in life.
Please contact the National Headquarters at (317) 837-9640 or hq@triangle.org at any time, if you have any questions or concerns. 
Most Sincerely,
Tom Pennington, Executive Director
Positive Impact of Fraternities
Research proves that fraternities foster positive mental health, serve as a success accelerator for students, and engender tremendous loyalty and connection among alumni to support their alma mater.  The North-American Interfraternity Conference, representing over 50 men’s college fraternity groups, hosts information on many independent research projects that are changing the way many people think about fraternities and showing the positive impact they can have on young men, their campuses and communities.

To Parents of Undergraduate Members
Dear Parents and Caregivers,
We hope that you and your family had a safe and enjoyable summer. Triangle considers the health, safety, and welfare of students to be our number one priority. We would like to ask your assistance as we prepare for the return of our students to campus this fall.
Attached please find a copy of Triangle’s Risk Management Policy. We make every effort to ensure that each student understands these expectations. These policies are provided to students every academic year. Underage drinking and all forms of hazing are prohibited within our organization. We are asking all parents or families to review these expectations with your student, and emphasize the importance of having a balanced and responsible social life while on campus. Please also note the dangers associated with binge drinking. It is the major contributing factor to student injuries, deaths, sexual assaults, vehicle accidents, and hazing incidents.
All students and chapters are expected to fully comply with Triangle policy, and the consequences of not doing so can be tragic. Each year over 1,500 college students die from alcohol-related accidents. Studies have shown that parents continue to have considerable positive influence on their children well past college. Please use your influence now and throughout the year to talk openly about these issues. Gentle, repeated reminders do have a positive impact. Such discussions encourage your student to make good choices and engage in responsible behavior when away from home.

Triangle continually strives to educate our members on ways to conduct chapter activities in a safe manner. Our policies prohibit underage drinking at all chapter events, and hard alcohol is prohibited unless served by a licensed third-party vendor. Through each academic year, Triangle will continue to educate members about recognizing risks associated with binge drinking, sexual misconduct, and hazing.
We appreciate your partnership as we work to maintain a safe environment for your student. Your positive influence will make a huge difference. Your student’s safety, health and welfare remain our most important mission.  Should you ever have concerns about any chapter activity or event please feel free to contact National Headquarters at (317) 837-9640 or hq@triangle.org at any time.
Most Sincerely,
Tom Pennington, Executive Director

It was in the fall of 1906 that sixteen civil engineering juniors at the University of Illinois began the association that became Triangle Fraternity. These Founders based their organization on the principles of honor, friendship, character, brotherhood, and courage.

The National Headquarters houses three entities- Triangle Fraternity, the Triangle Education Foundation, and the Triangle Building & Housing Corporation- which make up the greater fraternity. From the beginning, Triangle has been led by extraordinary men.

Over the course of more than a century, Triangle Fraternity has evolved from an idea devised by sixteen men, to a brotherhood of nearly 30,000 members. Though different from campus to campus, one element remains the same. All members are committed to building a better world.
The Founding of Triangle Fraternity
Triangle’s origin came from the desire of some congenial college friends to extend their friendship, not only through college but also for life. It was in the fall of 1906 that sixteen civil engineering juniors at the University of Illinois began the association that became Triangle Fraternity.  These Founders based their organization on the principles of honor, friendship, character, brotherhood, and courage. They developed their plans quickly, and on April 15, 1907, incorporated Triangle in the State of Illinois.

History of Triangle Headquarters
The building was built in 1912 by a grant from Andrew Carnegie at an all-inclusive construction cost of $8,520.  It was used as the Public Library for the Town of Plainfield from its opening in January 1913 until October 1968 when the newest township library was opened at its current location on Stafford Road.
The Carnegie Public Library building was purchased in 1968 by the Simmonds family who owned D&A Company, a steel construction and engineering company based in Plainfield, IN.  The Simmonds’ used the library building as their personal family home and converted the large open areas into comfortable living spaces where they resided for nearly 30 years.  In 1987, the Nees family purchased the home when the Simmonds’ retired.  The Nees’ left the structure virtually unchanged except for painting and wallpaper.
Triangle Fraternity purchased the building in 1997 and remodeled the building, restoring and preserving many of the building’s historical features.  Throughout the years Triangle National Headquarters has been located in the old Carnegie building many local citizens have asked for private tours of the old town library and in 2000 Triangle opened the building to the Friends of the Library for their annual open house tour.  Many former library patrons were thrilled to visit an old favorite.
The Carnegie Library building continues to stand as a historical treasure for the Town of Plainfield with school children passing by every spring and fall as they learn their local history.  Triangle is honored to serve as caretaker of this historical building.

Triangle Fraternity was founded in 1907 by sixteen engineers at the University of Illinois.  From the start, it was meant to be a place where men of similar majors could socialize, support each other’s academic pursuits and better prepare themselves for successful careers. 
Since that time, our membership has grown and expanded to include mathematics and the physical sciences as well as architecture, making us STEM long before the term was coined in 2001.  Today, we continue to provide a unique social, academic and professional experience for STEM majors.
 
The Purpose of Triangle
The purpose of Triangle shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects, and scientists. It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live their lives with integrity.
 
The Objectives of Triangle
To help develop the highest standards of personal integrity and character;
To foster and provide an intellectual, mature environment for its members through individual and group effort and through the mutual companionship of men with similar professional interests and goals;
To foster and provide the broadening experience of fraternity living with its social and moral challenges and responsibilities for the individual and the chapter;
To recognize and support the objectives and goals of the alma mater and those of the community through responsible participation and action;
To help bridge the gap between undergraduate study and the vocation of the individual in industry, the academic world or government;
To foster and maintain a bond of fraternal brotherhood through a continuing program of activity for the alumni, and;
To bring into focus the elements of planned progress for the betterment of mankind.
 
In order to make Triangle Fraternity successful, there needs to be a strong organizational structure. Through the support of volunteers, dedication of staff members, the generosity of donors, and the collaboration of Triangle Fraternity, the Triangle Building & Housing Corporation, and the Triangle Education Foundation, Triangle is able to support its vast network of brothers and volunteers while simultaneously planning for the future.
On the Fraternity’s side of operations, Triangle is governed by a National Council. Triangle Fraternity’s National Council consists of nine alumni volunteers voted in by their peers and one undergraduate Active Advisor. The National Council is responsible for setting strategies and measuring progress toward strategy-level goals that affect all of Triangle. In its role of leading the Fraternity, National Council always strives to act in a way that represents the founding principles of Triangle.
The Headquarters staff is responsible for implementing the strategy of National Council with appropriate tactical action, as well as measuring progress. Furthermore, the Headquarters staff oversees the day to day operations of the fraternity which include educational support, risk management, event management training, the collection of fees and dues, creating and sharing of resources, and alumni services. Triangle Fraternity staff is always available to assist undergraduates, chapters, and alumni.

National  Awards
Triangle’s National Awards recognize active chapters for their accomplishments, improvements, and achievements while individual students, alumni, and volunteers are honored for their leadership, dedication, and service to the fraternity. National awards are divided into two groups- Chapter Awards and Individual Awards.

Chapter of the Year
The achievement of scholarship, leadership, service, and brotherhood is the ultimate goal of the fraternal experience. Triangle National Fraternity will be proud to recognize the chapter that excels in all of the award areas, especially in the five areas of scholarship, programming, leadership, philanthropy/community service, and the promotion of brotherhood.

Outstanding Chapter Operations
There are several pieces that go into making a fraternity successful. The Outstanding Chapter Operations Award recognizes the chapter that has the structure in place to offer an organized, and holistic fraternal experience for its members.

Outstanding Recruitment & Retention by a Chapter
Recruitment is the lifeblood of our organization. Chapters that strive to recruit a higher quantity and quality of members into their chapters flourish. Recruitment should be the responsibility of every member and should occur 365 days a year.
The recipient of the Outstanding Recruitment & Retention by Chapter Award facilitates a recruitment program in which chapter values are exemplified through chapter events and all members of the chapter are engaged in the recruitment of new members. Additionally, the chapter works hard to ensure that potential new members are aware of the requirements and expectations which will assist in the retention of all new members.

National Involvement by a Chapter
The Outstanding National Involvement by a Chapter Award recognizes a chapter who is engaged with the National Fraternity through open communication, attendance at National events, and participating in National programs.

The Kahlert Academic Excellence Awards
As with most fraternal organizations, academic achievement serves as a core value and founding principle of Triangle Fraternity and should be a primary focus for both the chapter and the individual. While it is acknowledged that Triangle active chapters have a myriad of membership responsibilities it is important to recognize the most important responsibility to not only Triangle, but to self, chapter, and community.
The Triangle Education Foundation with the generous support of the Kahlert Foundation will recognize chapter’s academic achievements annually in two categories of Outstanding Academic Excellence (Highest GPA), and Most Improved Academic Excellence.
This award is accompanied by a cash prize.

Outstanding Risk Reduction & Education
An effective Risk Management Program is essential to any chapter’s survival. The recipient of this award has established a program that successfully balances the many risks involved in the day-to-day functions of running a fraternity.

Outstanding Campus Involvement
An integral part of being Greek is recognizing our ability to affect change within the community in which we live. By choosing to become involved in activities outside of our regular chapter activities we are doing our part to strengthen the community, the campus, and the positive image of Greeks as contributors to the betterment of our community.

Outstanding Philanthropy & Service by a Chapter
As fraternity men, it is important for us to never lose sight of the fact that our able minds, hearts, and hands can make wonderful things happen for our community, both locally and nationally. Triangle Fraternity is proud to recognize a chapter who has demonstrated the most comprehensive and interactive community service and philanthropic giving to their communities.

Chapter President of the Year
Awarded to a chapter president who not only fulfilled the responsibilities of his position but led with integrity and values through even the most challenging situations.

Senior of the Year
Awarded to a senior member who has remained actively involved and engaged within their chapter and who has served as a role model or mentor to younger members.

Brother of the Year
Awarded to the brother who clearly lives the values of the Code of Ethics of Triangle through his daily actions.

Executive Board Member of the Year
Awarded to an individual who most recently served on his chapter’s executive board and who made a lasting impact that contributed to the success of the chapter.

Chapter Advisor of the Year
The Chapter Advisor of the Year Award recognizes an involved advisor who is vital to the success of a chapter and the Fraternity. One of the major factors in a chapter’s long-term success is the commitment and influence of a talented chapter advisor and this award provides recognition for such an individual for his contributions to a chapter within the past academic year.

Outstanding Engineer, Architect, Scientist
The Oustanding Engineer, Architect, Scientist Award was created to recognize the time and effort given by an undergraduate to his academic discipline. The award emphasizes the attributes of an undergraduate’s commitment to his major during his college career.

Living Your Values Award
This award has been established to recognize the active or alumnus who best exemplifies Triangle’s values and mission through their day-to-day actions.

Triangle Founders Award
The Founders Award is reserved for the most exemplary alumni of the organization for their contributions to their profession, their community, and/or the Fraternity.

Cap Henning ill16 Altruism Award
The Cap Henning Altruism Award is intended to recognize alumni of Triangle Fraternity who have made an exemplary contribution to a better world through one or more of the following, contribution of time and energy to an altruistic cause not related to his profession; contribution of a members time and energy using his professional skills for an altruistic cause.
Any member of Triangle may nominate a Triangle alumnus for the Cap Henning Altruism Award. The nomination shall be written and shall include a summary of the individual’s contributions.  The Cap Henning Altruism Award shall be awarded upon a majority vote by the members of the National Council.
Caspar Ferdinand “Cap” Henning ill16, the namesake of this honor,  washed dishes in order to attend the University of Illinois his freshman year.  The following year (1916), with an assist from home, he joined Triangle Fraternity.  After graduation, Cap worked for a Chicago consulting firm, and in 1923, registered at the Moody Bible Institute where he graduated four years later.  He moved careers to the Manufacturers Mutual Fire Insurance Company where he worked as a mechanical engineer.  When he retired from Manufacturers Mutual in 1965 he was the vice president of the company.  Before he retired, Cap worked at his office during the day, then after-hours at the Pacific Garden Mission and Gideons International.   The Mission served as a shelter in a rough section of Chicago.  Cap served those who attended the shelter – some homeless, some women and children, some seeking refuge because of family troubles – by giving them something to eat for free, provided a clean bed, and a fresh change of clothing.  While at the Mission, Cap ministered to the bodies, minds, and souls of those who sought shelter.  He quickly advanced to the board of Pacific Garden Mission.  Prior to his death, Cap served as Chairman of the Board of the Mission and devoted his career to serving those in need.
Recipients:
2017: Robert Davidson pur61
2014: William Edens pur71
2014: Don Knebel pur65

Certificate of Service
The Triangle Certificate of Service is presented at the discretion of National Council in acknowledgment of service in an elective or appointed national post. The first certificate was presented in 1967.
Recipients:
2017: Gary Bodnar pur76
2016: Kevin Y. Fong ucla84, Marcos D. Stocco ok93, Culin Thompson kan13
2015: Jeffrey D. Cottrell mtu94, Alexander J. Ott mtu11
2014:  Dylan Lambert rose11  
2013: James Behmer pur09, Joseph M. Cerrato os05, John C. Gargani pitt82, Ryan E. Newman ky04, W. Jason Hines lou08 
2012: H. Andrew Goss lou00, Michael D. Mayer tol09  
2011: Timothy L. Eiler minn87, Chad D. Girard mtu09, Edward Jablonski hou07, Ryan C. Johnson cal09, Kevin P. Robertson marq92 
2010: Paul D. Boyle tri87, Harry V. Rossander sdm78, August Sylvain ar06
2009: Donald S. Hatfield msu88 
2008: C. Matthew Pulley lou04 
2007: Patrick W. Lindley ill05, Kurt W. Over pitt83, David W. Stack cin94 
2006: Daniel J. Guido uwm96, Shawm M. McCarroll ok04 
2005: Bret T. Feger lou86 
2004: Brian K. Jarman pur01, Merle Newlon III lou73, Christopher A. Moe is92
2003: Daniel J. Amerman mtu95 
2002: Steven M. Heitert mom81, Randy G. Kerns mom71, Robert B. Rosenberg ar55, Robert N. Bowman ps87, Jeffery P. Scott wis87 
2001: David A. Fleischhacker minn95, Michael Knittel mom96, Kurt W. Over pitt83
2000: Shawn G. Diedtrich minn90, Timothy L. Eiler minn87, Albert J. Evon ar88
1999: Matthew A. Czyzewski tol89, Gerald S. Jakubowski tol74
1998: James E. Fay is70, Merle Newlon III lou73, Robert G. Sharp pur51
1997: Steven M. Heitert mom81
1996: Omar G. Hernandez nu75, James A. Sands os80
1995: Richard P. Harris ks82, Paul S. King tol77
1994: Stephen W. Scott csu74, Bradley N. Keller neb69
1993: Robert D. Hoel ar67, Richard L. Overman pur65, Jeffrey P. Scott wis87, Kevin Y. Fong ucla84
1992: John R. Wyatt mich76, Toledo Active Organization
1991: Charles L. Hett ks64 
1990: Michael D. Hicks ks76, Randy G. Kerns mom71, John R. Serpa vpi78pitt, Bradley N. Keller neb69
1989: James R. Marshall pur65
1988: Carl P. Meglan os56, Kenneth W. Quayle III csu71
1987: H. Samuel Bruner kan76, Wesley C. Herbol ar52, T.J. Oman uwm86, David C. Jordan rose69, Joel L. Gauthier mich62, Stephen E. Powell pur78
1986: James M. Kincaid III csu70, Gerald S. Jakubowski tol74  
1985: Gifford H. Albright ps52, Rufus A. Brown miss71
1984: Merritt Williamson ps56, Randy G. Kerns mom71
1983: Joseph A. Boyd ky39, Ellison S. Onizuka colo69
1982: William R. McGovern marq55, Walter Hanson ill49 (Associate), James G. Smith wis39, Roger Sampson minn53, Robert S. Mayo ar23, Mark Handzel ill80  
1981: James R. Marshall pur65, Bradley N. Keller pur69
1977: James M. Wood pur09, Edward Alan Bischoff os53  
1976: Jerald C. Thompson sdm58, Edward F. Sowell ucla61, James F. Wolff minn43, Howard H. Darbo wis29, Harold Kennedy marq43
1975: Elias M. Sabbagh pur35 (Associate), Robert B. Rosenberg ar55, Theodore J. Hodan marq58, Thomas R. Schoenauer marq56 
1974: George D. Moon cin57 (Associate), William C. Keeran nu37,  Robert C. Deen ky48
1973: William J. Kingston cor48,  Frank W. Schumann ky42, Michael D. McDonnell mich64
1972: Chester E. Kuhn kan72  
1971: Thomas L. McReynolds ky44, Glenn W. Snagel pur45
1970: Warner Ohman pur39  
1968: E. Harlan Gellhaus sdm57, William G. Dunn wis41, Robert M. Ohlenkamp minn42, Norman J. Bukey cin24  
1967: David H. Bulman cl54cor 
Certificate of Appreciation
 
The Triangle Certificate of Appreciation is presented in appreciation of services rendered to the National Organization of Triangle. At the discretion of National Council, this award may be given to a non-member upon the completion of satisfactory service as a Triangle staff member, event speaker, or other position serving Triangle; to a Triangle chapter or association or other organization that has performed significant services to the National Organization; to a Triangle member who has made a significant contribution to the National Organization, but who is not considered eligible for a Certificate of Service.
Recipients:
2017:
2016: Kent T. Hoffman ar07 and Brandon Montalvo marq10
2008: Timothy L. Eiler minn87, Andrew J. Severance wis05, A.J. Sylvain ar06
2007: Bradley N. Keller neb69, Frank Caplan, Jr. cor42, Charles L. Hett ks64, Robert J. Mosborg ill45, Merle Newlon III lou73, Eugene J. Rezabeck ar47, Jeffrey P. Scott wis87, Richard H. Sudheimer minn52
2006: Timothy L. Eiler minn87, Scott Bova, Randall E. Drew rose67, David A. Fleischhacker minn95, Robert G. Halgren mich05, Kevin P. Robertson marq92
2003: Dr. Bruce Walcott
2000: Daniel J. Guido uwm96
1997: Elizabeth Eiler

Triangle Service Key
The Triangle Service Key is for pre-eminent work in developing the National Organization of Triangle in one or more elective or appointed national posts.  The criterion is that of molding the character of the Fraternity and the members, and not that of finance or numerical expansion.  This is the highest award given for national service.
The member’s service must have been clearly outstanding, not merely long-lasting, and must have had a positive effect on individual members and on the Fraternity as a whole.  Proposed by Alan C. Rockwood ia22, the award consists of a distinctive gold key and a certificate signed by the National President and the National Secretary.
Recipients:
2017: James A. McShane marq65, Alex P. Ver ar65
2013: Charles M. Lampman pur58, John K. Malmquist wis72
2011: James H. Jones cin53, Edward W. Wedbush cin50, A. Robert Brooks ps51
2008: Bradley N. Keller neb69
2007: Randall E. Drew rose67
2003: Arthur C. Moeller marq49, Kevin Y. Fong ucla84
1999: Richard F. Beaubien mich64
1997: Thomas E. Schoenauer marq56, Park W. Gast, Jr. cin49
1995: Gerald S. Jakubowski tol74, Randy G. Kerns mom71, James R. Marshall pur65
1994: Robert D. Hoel ar67
1991: Chauncey A. Fahey wis48, Merle Newlon III lou73
1990: Charles S. Barbour ps43
1987: Robert B. Rosenberg ar55
1985: Eugene J. Rezabeck ar47
1983: Robert C. Deen ky48
1982: Robert J. Mosborg ill45
1981: Robert M. Hamlett ar61ks
1979: Richard H. Sudheimer minn52
1977: William H. Krack pur33
1975: Theodore B. Jefferson kan30
1974: Norman J. Bukey cin24
1973: John Merrill Weed os21
1972: Howard H. Darbo wis29
1971: John J. Bresee ill19
1968: Frank Caplan, Jr. cor42
1967: Ikel C. Benson minn25
1966: John W. Mercer os24
1965: John R. Adriansen marq41
1962: Harold Kennedy marq43
1961: Edward Larson cin22, Frank W. Vogt ill17
1957: William R. Brown os33
1955: Herbert F. Scobie minn32
1952:  John J. Schlenk minn22
1951: Harold H. Layritz cin21
1950: Charles R. Little pur23
1949: John F. H. Douglas marq37 (Honorary)
1948: Chris A. Wiepking wis18
1947: E. Paul Reichard cin23
1946: Frank T. Sheets ill11
1945: Irvin D. Mayer pur14
1944: William H. Smith ps28
1943: Alan C. Rockwood ia22
1941: Lindon S. Gaston pur17
1940: Daniel W. Mead wis14 (National Honorary)
1939: Irving M. Clicquenoi pur09
1938: Frederick G. Higbee ia22 (Honorary)
1936: C. Vernon Potter os11
1935: C. Norman Beggs ill18
1932: Harry H. Burgess ill08
1931: Louis W. Bruck pur09
1930: Frederick N. Schustedt wis13
1929: Max A. Berns ill08
1928: Edward E. Bauer ill16
1927: Luster R. Kleinknight pur16
1926: Arthur Schwerin ill07
1925: Willard A. Knapp ill08 (Associate)

Order of the Transit
The Order of the Transit is conferred for pre-eminent work in developing a Triangle chapter or association. The criterion is that of molding the character of the chapter and its members, and not that of finance or numerical expansion. The member’s service must have been clearly outstanding, not merely long-lasting, and must have had a positive effect on individual members and on the chapter or association as a whole.
The Order of the Transit was created by National Council in 1997 to serve as a counterpart for the Triangle Service Key. This is the highest national award given for local service.
Recipients:
2017: Gary N. Bodnar pur76 (nominated by Cincinnati Chapter)
2013: Thomas E. Mulinazzi kan86
2012: Robert M. Petrick pitt85 
2010: Cary Laxer rose88 (Associate)
2006: George R. Griffin ok78
2003: Robert Patten ar01
1998: Leonard J. Staab marq50

Ellison Onizuka Young Alumnus Award
The Ellison Onizuka Young Alumnus Award was created to highlight how hard work and dedication lead to success, not simply time.  The Onizuka Award – named after Triangle Fraternity brother Ellison S. Onizuka colo69 who flew on the space shuttle Discovery in 1985 and lost his life in the Challenger accident January 1986 – is awarded to members of Triangle who have received outstanding acknowledgement in such fields of engineering, architecture, the sciences, industry, government, etc. by virtue of this having enhanced the prestige of Triangle.  Recipients of this had to have achieved this success within twenty years after their initiation to Triangle Fraternity.
Recipients:
2016: Kyle R. Robertson is01
2014: Matthew T. Ostanik is97 
2011: Isabelo B. Aala niu90, Darshan Shah csu89  
2010: James L. Kaboski wis87, Joseph Wendel rose92
2009: Michael S. Butler marq93
2008: Ronald E. Nikel cin88
2006: Kevin R. Manley ill88, Michael S. Morhaime ucla85

Outstanding Alumnus Award
The Outstanding Alumnus Award is presented to members of Triangle in acknowledgement of their having rendered significant service to a Triangle chapter or association in such fields as expansion, finance, organization, or counseling, and by virtue of individual supervision of collective efforts or personal dedication of their time and talents have promoted the objectives of the Fraternity.  We’d like to congratulate and recognize the following alumni for earning the Outstanding Alumnus Award.
Recipients:
2006: Kevin C. O’Gorman rose00 
2003: James F. Lindle lou80, Park W. Gast Jr. cin49, John H. Phillips cin78, Brian H. Pickering cin75, Dirk A. Richards cin80, Thomas J. Richey cin75, Edward P.H. Spencer cin70
1999: Charles A. Rice ok79, Michael F. Rogers ar79 
1998: Robert L. Folz pur81 
1995: Kurt W. Over pitt83  
1993: Leonard J. Staab marq50
1989: John R. Clifton os30, Steven K. Hamilton tol73, Paul S. King tol77, Mark A. Knapp tol74
1986: Dale A. Lieb pitt71 
1983: John B. Lowe os64, Otho W. Merrell os19, Douglas S. Dachenbach os62, James R. Marshall pur65
1982: Robert C. Deen ky48, Omar G. Hernandez nu75, Bradley N. Keller neb69, Jesse F. Core ps34, Joel L. Gauthier mich62, Richard F. Beaubien mich64, Allen Davis mich67, Carl P. Cronk mich63
1981: Edward Alan Bischoff os53 
1980: Robert N. Waid os11, Harry Engstrom wis66, Ronald Aschenbrenner wis62, Robert G. Wolfe os36, Walter A. Swenberg msoe77, Joseph R. Smart os19 
1979: Howard H. Darbo wis29, Robert D. Hoel ar67  
1978: Harold Dawson os31 
1977: A. Robert Brooks ps51, Richard I. Markwart ar64, Dennis J. McNally marq62 
1976: Gene R. Strehlow msoe68 
1975: Thomas R. Schoenauer marq56, Theodore J. Hodan marq58, Robert B. Rosenberg ar55
1974: David E. Carpenter mom69, Thomas L. McReynolds ky44, David C. Young nu58, Floyd M. Cunningham mom70 (Associate), Paul T. Dowling mom37, Robert A. Vogt mom43
1973: John Richard Duff cin52, George T. Oberklein cin25, Charles Edward Bischoff os25
1972: Arthur H. Dierker os23 
1971: Francis X. Jacoby, Jr. marq56, Franklin Dee Duncan ks64
1970: John Merrill Weed os21, William J. Kingston cor48
1969: Robert J. Cash sdm57, Donald J. Schuster marq44 
1968: Robert N. Waid os11, Michael R. Harris okst64, H. Jack Allison okst64 (Associate), Clinton K. Hoffman ky24, Elias M. Sabbagh pur35 (Associate)  
1967: John W. Mercer os24, William G. Deas cin39 
1965: James A. Bonin marq54, Robert C. Deen ky48, Ferdinand G. Seulberger nu59 (Honorary), Ernest Wilson Carlton mom31 (Honorary) 
1964: George Zavodny, Jr. ar45 
1963: Oscar M. Olsen mom44, Frank W. Vogt ill17, Russell C. Powers minn38, Gifford H. Albright ps52 
1961: Frank Caplan, Jr. cor42, John D. Powell mom44,  Leslie L. Andrus pur21, Patrick J. Clark marq54

Triangle Distinguished Alumni Citation
The Triangle Distinguished Alumni Citation (formerly known as the Triangle Citation) is awarded to Triangle brothers in acknowledgment of achieving outstanding honorable recognition in such fields as engineering, architecture, science, education, industry, government, and like by virtue of having enhanced the prestige of Triangle.  Triangle Fraternity would like to recognize and congratulate the following brothers.
Recipients:
2013: Wayne F. Echelberger sdm54, John D. Santi marq50
2012: Randy G. Kerns mom71, Daniel D. Mickelson nu59 
2011: Edward T. Shonsey marq64, John C. Gargani pitt82, Joseph V. Salvucci pitt76
2010: John G. Vondras neb66, Roman A. Jamrogiewicz pur71, Bernard L. Hoogestraat sdm53, John M. Storm pur73, Donald E. Knebel pur65
2009: Carl D. Bhame cin53, James H. Rust pur56, Robert T. Henson pur33, Peter H. Mesha ill75, Robert B. Nagel pur57, Dr. Robert B. Rosenberg ar55 
2008: James E. Schier ky66, Theodore S. Rappaport pur80,  Ronald J. Swofford ill51
2007: George M. Kunkel ucla60, Raymond J. Ikola mich59, Michael J. Wallace marq68, J. Kenneth Driessen marq53,  Gifford H. Albright ps52 
1987: Ellison S. Onizuka colo69 
1983: Jay S. Hammond ps41
1968: Stothe P. Kezios ar58 (Honorary) 
1967: Richard B. Morrison mich58 (Honorary) 
1964:  Daniel V. Terrell ky20 (Honorary) 
1963: Maynard P. Venema ar29 
1961: Frederick R. Kappel minn23 

Wall of Fame
In 1995, National Council established the Triangle Wall of Fame, an ongoing project to recognize our members who have received widespread acknowledgment of success within their chosen fields. The Wall of Fame is intended to honor successful members and serve as a motivation for Triangle members to reach new highs in their respective fields. Triangle Fraternity is proud of the achievements of these brothers and will continue to recognize and celebrate our members who are making significant contributions in their professional and private careers.

Richard H. Sudheimer Interfraternal Leadership Award
The Richard H. Sudheimer Interfraternal Leadership Award is intended to recognize significant contributions by non-members of Triangle Fraternity to the betterment of the interfraternal movement. Candidates include, but are not limited to, Greek advisors, university administrators, faculty members, fraternity and sorority staff members, suppliers and vendors, and parents.
Nomination Process
A nomination may be submitted by a Triangle staff member, National Council member, Triangle Education Foundation member, chapter alumni officer, or a majority vote of the active organization of any Triangle chapter.
The nomination shall be written and shall include a summary of the individual’s contributions to the interfraternal world.
Award Process
The award shall be given upon a majority vote by the members of National Council. The National President or his designee shall present the award in a manner that is fitting and appropriate. Notice of the award shall be placed in Triangle Review and delivered to each chapter and alumni organization to be read and recorded.

Triangle Fraternity Academy of Inventors
The new Triangle Fraternity Academy of Inventors recognizes Triangle Brothers for their contributions to society and the world through their inventions. There are three levels of membership which include Member – 1 to 4 patents, Distinguished Member – 5 or more patents, and Distinguished Fellow – at least 3 patents, but based on overall impact of patent/s to the betterment of society.

Membership at all levels is open to living and deceased Brothers and to all members, including Chapter Honorary members. Members and Distinguished members are automatically enrolled upon confirmation of the number of patents in their name. Distinguished Fellows will be elected by the National Council and limited to two per year.


Did You Know That a Triangle Brother…
Was a Space Shuttle crew member.
Ellison Onizuka colo69 flew on Discovery as a mission specialist in January 1985 and lost his life in the Challenger accident in January 1986. The United States Air Force’s Onizuka Air Station was located in Sunnyvale, CA. (The station is now closed). An episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation mentions a (fictional) shuttlecraft named after Brother Onizuka.
Won a medal in Olympic Games
Frank R. McCabe marq50 was a member of the U.S. Olympic basketball squad which won the gold medal in 1952.
Was the first person to communicate by telephone via satellite
Fred R. Kappel minn23 was the first speaker by Telstar, in a phone conversation with President Johnson.
Served as two-term governor of Wyoming
Jim Geringer ks64 served as governor of Wyoming from 1995 to 2003.
Served as two-term governor of Alaska
Jay Hammond ps41 served as Governor of Alaska from 1975 to 1983.
Was Chairman, President, and CEO of Shell Oil Company
Steven L. Miller ill64 held these positions from 1999 to 2002. He began his career with Shell in 1967.
Ran a leading manufacturer of computer hardware in the United States
Edward McCracken is64 was president and CEO of Silicon Graphics, whose graphics computers are used for everything from animation in Star Wars to car modeling at GM.
Served as Chairman of the Board of AT&T
Fred R. Kappel minn23 held this position from 1962 to 1969.
Co-founded one of the leading computer game companies in the United States
Michael Morhaime ucla85 is co-founder and President of Blizzard Entertainment, maker of the popular Warcraft and Diablo computer games.
Wrote for Encyclopedia Britannica
Robert S. Mayo ar24 wrote much of the entry for tunneling in the Encyclopedia Britannica.
Stood on the South Pole
Forrest L. Dowling wis60 was one of 11 Americans who reached the South Pole overland in January 1961.
Discovered an ancient Inca city
Reinaldo Chohfi ucla85 has been credited with the discovery of Maranpampa, a large Inca city in Peru.
Was given the first Distinguished Service Medal awarded in Korea
Robert B. Martin pur24 was awarded the decoration in 1951.
Watched the test of the first Atomic Bomb
Richard Conklin ill44 and several other Triangles worked on the Manhattan Project and witnessed the test of the first atom bomb.
Served as president of two steel companies
Tom Graham lou45 has served as president of USX and of Armco Steel in Ohio. He has also served as chairman of the board of AK Steel.

The purpose of Triangle shall be to maintain a fraternity of engineers, architects, and scientists.  It shall carry out its purpose by establishing chapters that develop balanced men who cultivate high moral character, foster lifelong friendships, and live their lives with integrity.
 
TRIANGLE EDUCATION FOUNDATION
Triangle Education Foundation is a vital part of our fraternity that exists to enhance the Triangle experience for both actives and alumni. The Foundation is an Illinois not-for-profit corporation, which is recognized as a public charity by the Internal Revenue Service. Since contributions to the Foundation are deductible for federal income tax purposes (and most states, as well), the Foundation provides a vehicle that permits alumni to support Triangle’s education programs.

TRIANGLE BUILDING & HOUSING CORP.
As a result of the report of a special committee, the 1957 Convention authorized an immediate increase in the national active fee in order to begin building a loan fund from which Triangle chapters and colonies could borrow for the purpose of financing the purchase, construction and/ or remodeling of chapter houses.   This action was subsequently approved by unanimous undergraduate and alumni organization vote.
The Building Loan Fund, now known as the Triangle Building & Housing Corporation was created because it was felt that if the Fraternity were to improve its chapter houses and increase the number of chapters at a faster rate, a new and not heretofore proposed method of financial assistance must be developed. Experience indicated that no matter what its finances and borrowing power might be, a chapter could not finance a new house without assistance that at that time was nonexistent.

Triangle National Council
National Council acts as the executive and judicial body of the Fraternity. Council consists of the Executive Committee (immediate past president, president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer), six additional alumni or associate members and one undergraduate who is appointed to the Active Councilman position. Each year, the President and Vice President are elected for a one-year term and two other members of National Council are elected for two-year terms. Secretary and Treasurer are appointed positions.
The President is the Chief Executive Officer of the Fraternity. He is responsible for organizing and chairing National Council meetings and National Conventions. The Vice President is often responsible for managing the work to be done by the Committee chairs and their committees. The Treasurer is responsible for the financial records of the Fraternity. The Secretary is responsible for the minutes of National Council meetings and National Conventions and the membership records of the Fraternity.
Councilmen serve as volunteers without pay. They give of their time and talent for the benefit of Triangle.

Ryan M. Sunyak tol10
President
Ryan was initiated into the Toledo Chapter of Triangle in 2010.  He graduated from the University of Toledo with a Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering in 2011 and from the Georgia Institute of Technology with a Masters of Science in Electrical Engineering in 2015.
After graduating, Ryan joined the Energy business of General Electric in Greenville, South Carolina.  He is currently employed by GE Renewable Energy as a Senior Engineering Manager leading the Systems Engineering team for the Onshore Wind business.
As an Alumnus, Ryan served as President of the Alumni Advisory Board for the Clemson Chapter, held multiple positions on the Toledo Alumni Board, and was a facilitator for the Leadership and Training Weekend.
Ryan joined the National Council of Triangle in 2016 serving on its Standards Committee, Finance Committee, Growth Committee, and Educational Programs Committee.  He was also the founding Chairman of the Council of Emerging Leaders.  Ryan currently is serving as the Vice President of National Council and Chairman of the Standards Committee.
 
Pete Satre os89
Vice President
Pete Satre was initiated into the Ohio State chapter in 1989, where he went on to in serve multiple officer positions, including chapter vice-president. Upon returning to the Columbus area in 2000, Pete served on the chapter alumni board and as an active adviser. He was elected to serve on National Council in 2017. He currently serves as chairman of the Communications Committee and is a member of the Finance Committee.
Brother Satre graduated from Ohio State, earning a B.S in Metallurgical Engineering. He was employed by Ford Motor Company in Cleveland, OH for 7 years before joining Allied Mineral Products, Inc. in 2000. His current position is Manager of Corporate Engineering.
He and his wife Maria live in Columbus, Ohio. They have 3 children.

Tyler Moore tol09
Treasurer
Tyler graduated from the University of Toledo with a Bachelors of Science in Bioengineering in 2013. He has been working for Anheuser-Busch InBev at the Houston Brewery for the past five years. There he works as a Quality Analyst overseeing the production of making beer, ranging from when grains first arrive, all the way to when pallets of beer depart the brewery.
Tyler was initiated into Triangle Fraternity at the Toledo Chapter in the Spring of 2009. While at the Toledo Chapter, Tyler first served as the Undergraduate Treasurer, before going on to serve as the Undergraduate President for nearly two years. During his time at the University of Toledo he spent a year with General Mills, Inc as a co-op, working in their Tostino’s plant in Wellston, Ohio. Upon graduating, Tyler joined the Toledo Alumni Board as the Membership Development Board President, before becoming the Alumni Secretary, holding that office until his nomination to National Council.
After arriving in Houston, Tyler began working with the Houston Chapter Alumni association, joined Triangle’s Council of Emerging Leaders, and then served as the CEL representative to the Triangle Education Foundation.
Tyler’s goals as the National Treasurer are to expand financial best practices to each Chapter of Triangle, and to work towards ensuring that no Triangle Chapter is lost to financial hardship. He believes this is possible through open and honest communication and diligent fiscal budgeting. Tyler adamantly believes in the mission of One Triangle, and hopes to continue working with the Triangle Education Foundation and the Triangle Building & Housing Corporation to foster the success of Triangle Chapters nationwide. Contact Tyler at treasurer@triangle.org.

Stuart J. Masuda uci07
Secretary
Stuart first became involved with Triangle in Winter 2007 helping to establish Triangle as an interest group at UCI. Following official colonization in Fall 2007, he was initiated as a founding father of the UCI colony that same quarter. He served as the colony’s first Internal Vice President before graduating in Spring 2008.
After graduation, he joined the organizing effort to build an alumni board and advisory team. As Alumni Secretary, he continued supporting the active organization as an advisor, all the way through to the formal installation of the UCI Chapter in Fall 2012.
Stuart has a B.S. in Chemistry. He is currently employed in the Quality Control Lab at Nitto Avecia Pharma Services in Irvine, California.

John C. Cottage ps04
Immediate Past President
John C. Cottage Jr. joined the Penn State Chapter of Triangle Fraternity in the Fall of 2003 and was initiated in the Spring of 2004. While at Penn State John served as the Undergrad President in 2007 leading the chapter in its celebration of the Centennial. 
After leaving Penn State, John created a web development company with another brother from the chapter. In 2009 John took a job working for a regional high school doing desktop support and systems administration. 
In 2011 John transitioned into the role of Network Administrator for the Bergen County School District and in 2013 was promoted to Network Architect.  In 2017 John left public service and joined the IT consulting firm CDI, LLC where he specializes in WAN, Data Center and Network Security design.

Fareed Dibazar ucsd12
Councilman
Fareed John Dibazar joined the UC-San Diego Chapter of Triangle Fraternity in the Fall of 2011 (on a dare) and was initiated Winter of 2012. While at UC-San Diego, Fareed served in a number of roles including Vice President-External, New Member Educator, and Director of Philanthropy in the undergraduate organization. As an alumnus, Fareed has served as the Active Chapter Advisor for 8 years and Vice President of the Alumni organization, including during the recent recolonization efforts at UC-San Diego.
Fareed’s desire to serve on council stems from witnessing the growth and leadership development in his own chapter’s brothers firsthand. As a warm start chapter, UCSD Triangle went through a number of growing pains and rapid expansion followed by a near-total dissolution of the chapter in just 8 years since its 2009 founding. Having rushed late in his college career (as a Junior), Fareed helped grow his chapter to successive double-digit classes in his time as an active, though not without learning harsh truths on chapter sustainability, the importance of transitions, and internal stability and development of chapter culture.
With the Chapter nearly dissolved in 2017, Fareed and a number of local alumni were able to help maintain Triangle’s presence on-campus at UCSD while recruiting what would become the recolonizing classes (with further lessons learned such as the limitations and benefits of having late 20/early 30-year-olds recruiting undergraduates). In 2022, after 4 years of attempts at a restart and starting the school year with just 1 new member, UCSD’s active colony boasted 700% growth by year’s-end. Fareed has also been integral in maintaining an alumni presence and formalizing an alumni board for the San Diego region (building one from scratch).
At convention in 2019, Fareed presented a formal plea to Nationals to assist with the Southern California chapters, particularly spurred by UCSD’s then-likely disappearance. Since then, Fareed has been plugged in with the National organization at a higher level of engagement than he himself personally expected (forgetting that he had joined the Council of Emerging Leaders in 2017). From these experiences, Fareed hopes to pass on what he has learned to help chapters prevent common mistakes of the past while also linking the greater national organization to some of the problems currently facing chapters on-the-ground.

Kevin Fong ucla84
Councilman
Kevin Fong was initiated into Triangle at the UCLA Chapter in 1984 and served as Active Organization President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer before graduating with a B.S. in Computer Science and Engineering. In 1994, he created Triangle Fraternity’s first web page and was also appointed National Historian, a position he continues to hold today. He previously served on National Council from 1997 to 2016, including 15 years as National Secretary. He received the Triangle Service Key in 2003.
Kevin hopes to use his experience and skills to serve as a knowledge resource for the Triangle family, help keep the leadership accountable to the membership, and offer illumination to chapters and members on their individual journeys. He is proud to show by his presence that Triangle welcomes and supports its members who are part of the LGBTQ community.
He lives in New York City and works as a Systems Administrator for Omnicom Health Group, a marketing and communications agency.

Bob Goehring is76
Councilman
Education at  Iowa State University, BSCE 1978, MSCE 1981 Co-Major in Structural and Geotechnical Engineering.  Rollins College – The Crummer Graduate School of Business, 1989 (The Management Program)
Employer is ECS Southeast, LLP
Occupation/Position is Consulting Engineer, Chief Engineer, Executive Vice President
Goals for Triangle are to Serve on the National Council and help anyway I can to support the active chapters and enhance brotherhood within the alumni.  Through recent experience as a chapter adviser for the GA Tech Colony and extensive experience leading both for-profit business groups and various non-profit groups I hope to offer a slightly different perspective and add value.

Jake Hoppert msu10
Councilman
Jake Hoppert msu 10 graduated with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering in 2013, after graduation, he joined Black & Veatch as a Chemical Engineer in their Power Generation Business line where he designs power plants. While working full-time, Jake received his Master’s degree in Engineering Management and is currently a licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Michigan where he lives.
As an undergraduate, Jake held multiple positions in the chapter including President and Member Educator. Additionally, Jake recruited the members of the Alpha class of Phi Sigma Rho at MSU and coordinated with Phi Sigma Rho’s national council to find volunteers to mentor and eventually install them as a chapter on campus.
As an alumnus, Jake has served as Chapter Adviser and Chairman of the MSU Triangle Membership Development Board and was a founding member of the MSU Alumni IFC. Currently, Jake serves as President of the MSU Triangle Alumni Association and on the Approved Courses Committee. Jake has alsopreviously served as Chairman of the Council of Emerging Leaders.
Finally, Jake has facilitated at more than 10 national events including facilitating Leadership and Training Weekend more than 8 times, and serving as a facilitator and lead Facilitator at Herb Scobie Leadership School
When not volunteering for Triangle, Jake serves on the Board of Trustees at his church and spends time with his two daughters and his lovely wife, who has been incredibly supportive of his volunteerism with Triangle.

Neel Kumar minn14
Councilman
Neel Kumar was initiated to the Minnesota Chapter of Triangle Fraternity in the Fall of 2014. In Minnesota, he served as Secretary, VP of Recruitment, VP Internal (Housing) and President. He onboarded a new scholarship program (Building Better Men Scholarship) for incoming undergraduates and was heavily involved in TBHC, and the First Robotics Program at Triangle.
After graduating, Neel moved to the Bay Area in California, where he worked for a startup (Zeda Inc.) that specialized in design of medical devices for Additive Manufacturing applications. Since then, Neel has grown with the same company, and has worn a variety of different hats including Sales Engineering, Process Engineering, Manufacturing Lead Engineer, and Lead Project Manager.
Neel has recently moved to the Cincinnati division of the company where there are a variety of applications including but not limited to Medical, Consumer Electronics, Aerospace, and Aviation. Currently Neel is helping lead the installation and qualification of some of the largest form factor metal laser powder bed 3-D printers available on the market.

Lucas Wallace kan11
Councilman
Lucas pledged the Kansas Chapter of Triangle in the fall of 2010 and was initiated in spring of 2011. He attended his first national event (Convention) in the summer of 2011 and gained an entirely new understanding of what Triangle was and could be. He returned to his chapter where he served as treasurer for the chapter in 2012 and 2013, along with continued attendance and participation in national events.
After graduation from KU, he worked for Union Pacific Railroad for two years in the KC area where he continued to help advise the Kansas Chapter.  He then relocated to Wisconsin where he stayed for 1 year before leaving to attend grad school for Construction Engineering Management at The University of Colorado. He has been working for Shaw Construction since graduating at the end of 2018.
During his time since becoming a Triangle alumnus, he has been fortunate enough to continue to meet new brothers from different chapters along with maintaining relationships with brothers from his own chapter and several others that he met since the first national event he attended 12 years ago.
Nationally, he has served as the chairman of Triangle’s Council of Emerging Leaders, and looks forward to contributing what he can to National Council.

Deepansh Agarwal msoe19
Active Councilman
Deepansh Agarwal, initiated into the Milwaukee School of Engineering (or MOSE) in the Fall of 2019, working on my double major in Architectural Engineering (with an emphasis on Building Structural Design) and Construction Management. He has served the MSOE Chapter as the President, New Member Educator, and Treasurer.
Currently working for Kiewit Corporation as an Engineer and Estimate Intern for piping in Kiewit Power Sector. He is involved in the Mens Rowing Team as a rower and part-time coxswain, serving as a student senator in Student Government Association at MSOE, and student volunteer for STEM 2 Stern. You can contact him at agarwald@msoe.edu

Standing Committees
Committees are a critical part of the fraternity structure and are used in numerous ways.  Each committee is comprised of a councilman, staff member, active, and alumni member and can consider and shape the vast majority of the fraternity’s vision.  A majority of committees are formed for specific purposes, often to study a particular issue. Committee members are intended to serve as the voice of their constituency so that the best interest of our membership is considered.  A number of standing committees have been established to assist in the fulfillment of the Strategic Plan.

Working for Triangle
Thank you for your interest in joining the national staff of Triangle Fraternity. Though the availability of employment opportunities varies, we are always looking for bright individuals with passion, dedication, and enthusiasm.
What’s it like to work at Triangle? Well, it’s a lot like working with your friends. Though not everyone on our team is a member of Triangle, we all share a common love for fraternity.
Part of the reason we enjoy our work environment is because we work with a purpose—to each day make Triangle better. Within each of our various roles, we support the vision of the organization: To redefine fraternity as a lifelong brotherhood of leaders.
Triangle Fraternity prides itself on a strong, talented and dedicated staff. We provide a good work environment and competitive salary and benefits within the fraternity and nonprofit communities.

Our Chapters
For more than a century Triangle Fraternity has evolved from an idea devised by sixteen men, to a brotherhood of over 30,000 members. From a small local engineering group to the first and only nationwide support system for STEM and architecture students and professionals.
Though different from campus to campus, one element remains the same. All members are committed to building a better world. To locate a chapter or colony you can zoom out or expand the map below. If Triangle is not at your campus and you would like to help us start a group there, contact us at hq@triangle.org.

Joining a Chapter
Joining a fraternity can open many doors. In Triangle, you will have access to some of the most innovative leadership development programs, academic resources, and notable alumni.
As our non-Greek letter name suggests, we are a bit different than other men’s social fraternities. We support scholarship and the attainment of a degree first and provide social outlets to compliment the academic experience. In essence, we take smart, focused men and provide the social and leadership skills to make them well-rounded graduates.
 
Recruitment on Your Campus
Regardless of your campus, there should be a fraternity recruitment process. Most Interfraternity Councils (IFC) – the governing body of fraternities on your campus – will organize a registration or recruitment period, usually at the start of each semester. We encourage you to contact your campus IFC or Fraternity/Sorority Advisor for information on recruitment dates and activities.
Additionally, many of Triangle’s chapters participate in a process known as ‘365 Recruitment’, which gives you the opportunity to meet with us at informal gatherings – such as other clubs or campus events, in the lab, at the dining hall, or at campus athletic events – throughout the year.
Remember, recruitment is a mutual selection process – both you and the fraternity you choose must decide that the fit is right. The goal of recruitment is to allow our brothers a chance to meet you, and for you to see if we are the right match. During recruitment, our brothers look for men who agree with our values and goals, including academic achievement, fiscal responsibility, leadership, integrity, and a commitment to service and community.
But you don’t have to wait for a process or event to make contact. If you have an interest in the only men’s STEM fraternity, contact us HERE and we’ll get your information to the local chapter recruitment chair – any time during the year. Membership in a group like Triangle can be an asset to your successful on-time graduation and a job before you graduate!
Request more information about our individual chapters, access recruitment resources, or get connected to our chapter on your campus by emailing us at join@triangle.org.
To locate a chapter or colony, click here.
 
Honorary/Associate Initiate Program
Not every person has the opportunity to become an initiated member of a college fraternity while a student. Some schools do not have Greek organizations, other people’s schedules in college did not allow them to join, or they could not find the right fraternity for them.
Becoming an initiated brother of Triangle Fraternity is a great honor and privilege. While most of our members join as undergraduate students, Triangle allows the honorary initiation of adult graduates into our brotherhood. For an honorary initiate, the privilege may take on more meaning than joining as an undergraduate.  Associate members can be more active with undergraduate chapters and is most appealing to graduate students already on campus.
Honorary or Associate initiation is comparable to receiving an honorary degree from a major university – or even the ancient tradition of Knighthood. It is a recognition for your achievements as an adult, but we also consider it confidence you will accomplish great things in the future.
Triangle chooses outstanding individuals to become members as alumni because we realize that joining a fraternity is a life-long commitment and can open the door to new experiences and opportunities. While many fraternities focus only on the years spent in college, that is just a small part of a much larger and greater experience.
Chapters are encouraged to select honorary initiates on an annual or biennial basis, to recognize and celebrate outstanding accomplishments in the STEM professions, academics or research, or to recognize those who have provided signal service to Triangle Fraternity, its chapters or members.
If you are interested in honorary/associate membership or know someone who should be considered, contact your local campus chapter or the National HQ at join@triangle.org.
 
A Message to Parents
If your son is considering or has accepted membership into Triangle, congratulations! He’s taking an important step to support his goals of achieving a STEM or Architecture degree and pursuing a similar career. From the lack of Greek letters to a focus on “grades, graduation and great jobs after”, Triangle is different than other fraternities you may see in the media. We respect our members and want them to succeed – on campus and in life.
With over 25,000 initiates in more than 110 years of history, Triangle is the only fraternity for men pursuing degrees in Engineering, Architecture and the Sciences. Our network of alumni is wide and diverse and includes leaders in a wide variety of professions. The Ethics upon which we are based are public and can be found here. I think you will agree they are a road-map to success. We encourage you to become familiar with Triangle from the content of our website.
Ultimately though, Triangle is about friendships and the support friends provide to those new to college or taking on a challenging degree plan. We get your son because we are just like him – focused on a difficult academic regimen, looking several years down the road to a lucrative career, but wanting and needing a social group with which to identify and grow. In that respect, we’re really a STEM fraternity that provides social and leadership skills, rather than a more tradition social fraternity.
If/When your son joins a fraternity, you become part of the fraternal family.  It is important that you feel comfortable with his decision and the experience that awaits.  Please take some time to read our recruitment welcome letter and visit our parent’s page.  If you have any questions, at anytime, please feel free to contact Executive Director, Tom Pennington at tom@triangle.org or at (317) 837-9640.

Fraternity Frequently Asked Questions/Concerns
Joining a Fraternity is a big commitment, one about which you may have a lot of questions. Below are answers to the most frequent concerns students have about fraternity membership and Triangle.

Why don't you have Greek letters? Aren't you a social fraternity?
Triangle is a men’s STEM fraternity, so we definitely are different. Our focus is on supporting our members in their goals for grades, graduation and great jobs. Yes, we provide social and leadership opportunities, but not to the exclusion of academic success. We like to say we’re a STEM fraternity with social and leadership programs, rather than a purely social fraternity.
As for no Greek letters, we’re one of several fraternities that does not use Greek letters. Our founders felt the triangle was a better symbol of what we stood for and more representative of the STEM focus of our fraternity. While we are a part of the Greek life community, we often find that we have different priorities than other more traditional social fraternities.

I'm not sure I have the time to join a fraternity.
Most members find that Triangle membership actually helps them manage their time better. We have regular meetings and events we plan for you, so you don’t have to worry so much about what you’re going to do next week. We have members who know your classes, instructors and course load and can guide you to prepare more efficiently. We also do a lot of study groups in our chapters, so combine academics and brotherhood.
Anything worth doing is going to take time, but we can help you get the most from the time you have. If you sit down and calculate every hour of the week and mark out classes/labs, study, sleep, exercise, meals and any other demands on your time, the average student will still come up with over 30 hours a week not committed to something. With an investment of a few of those hours, we’ll help you get much more out of your college experience and graduate more marketable.

I'm not sure I can afford the cost of fraternity membership.
If someone asked you if you’d pay 5% more tuition to have a better college experience and be more marketable when you graduate, almost everyone would say “YES!!”. That’s what Triangle does! It may be a slight extra cost – anywhere from 2-8% more over four years than not joining – but the value of the benefits is worth much more than the cost.
Smart people know, “It’s not the price, it’s the package”. Joining a fraternity is an additional cost of going to college, but it’s really a value-add worth much more than the cost. Non-members will still have expenses for entertainment, travel, food, events and other things to offset their academic experience. Fraternities plan and deliver those to you, so they’re interesting, meet your needs and save you time and money. Some groups even provide housing and/or meal plans that are better bargains than residence halls – actually saving you money.
In addition – and perhaps most important – we are the only men’s STEM fraternity, so not only support your academic goals, but have leadership and education programs to build skills to make you more competitive in the job market.  Finally, we have a network of successful alumni around the world working in the top STEM companies you want to work for.

My parents are concerned about me joining a fraternity.
We get that… many parents of current members had concerns as well. It’s hard not to be a bit wary of fraternities with the image the media paints. Triangle is the only men’s STEM and Architecture (STEAM?) fraternity, so our priorities are different. We’re social, but not at the expense of grades or graduation. Frankly, most of our members are studying too hard to have time for the activities that get many other groups in trouble.
Most of our chapters should have a parent – mom or dad – who would be comfortable talking to yours to calm their fears or provide good information about the group you’re considering. Triangle is different – not just because we don’t have Greek letters in our name. It’s because of a commitment to academic performance and graduation, and to the promotion and support of STEM careers. That’s our priority – not how many parties we can fit into a semester.
Ask your parents to look at this website – there’s a section just for parents. Ask the chapter you’re looking at if there is a parent or alumnus who would be willing to talk with your parents and answer their questions. In the end, nothing is better than one parent talking to others about their experience.

I don't want my grades to suffer.
Anyone smart enough to pursue an engineering or other technical degree knows it’s going to be a challenge. We’re in your shoes and have the same concerns, so we don’t over-program our members. You will have a group of men who understand when you need to study for your fluid dynamics lab project and can’t come to a meeting, because we’re in the same position.
It’s sometimes said Triangle provides a social outlet for academic-minded students while other fraternities try to help social-minded students get good enough grades to graduate. We think a bit differently than most fraternities because we’re already thinking about internships, co-ops and networking to set ourselves up for a dream job – even as freshmen.
We’ll support – and expect – your commitment to study and academic excellence, because it’s consistent with our values and our own personal goals. Just ask a few of our current members and many will tell you they may not have made it through their degree without the help of their Triangle brothers.

I don't want to be hazed.
Good, because we don’t treat men like that. Our new member education program is based on orientation, education and values. We want you to know about Triangle history and traditions, but we also want you to be a fully functional and contributing member of the chapter and potential leader for your campus and community.
It’s far more important for you to be a capable initiated member than an excellent pledge. In fact, the real work of membership is AFTER you’re initiated, not before. Working together to make decisions, run the chapter, pay bills, make grades, be a leader – that’s so much more challenging than just doing what you’re told for a few weeks. Our new member program is available for you to review and the chapter should be willing to answer any questions you might have.
Hazing is little more than entertainment for the members and is far more destructive to chapter unity and success than helpful. Groups that haze are just showing they have no idea how to educate and inspire you, so they try to scare you into respect rather than earn it from their leadership. Don’t sell yourself short.

How can you help me get a job before I graduate?
Perhaps the coolest thing about Triangle is its focus on STEM professions, so almost all our alumni are direct connections with careers and companies you want. Most other fraternities don’t have that kind of network. It starts to benefit you through access to internships and co-ops, but there also are a lot of mentoring relationships that develop and continue past college.
A few of our most successful alumni tell us it was a Triangle connection that helped them secure financing for their new company or find just the right person to fill an important leadership position. The fact that so many members are engineers and researchers provides a unique connection and frame of reference. It also means we have a lot of really smart people who are good at solving problems.
But perhaps the best part of helping you find a job by graduation is the skills we build in our members. The social and leadership skills Triangle can provide to otherwise smart men can make the difference between a job where you sit in a cubicle crunching numbers or one that puts you in front of clients or in charge of project teams. There are a lot of brilliant engineers and scientists who don’t know how to talk with people. That’s an advantage we want you to have and one that is recognized by employers.

Expansion
Anyone can join a social fraternity, but it takes a true leader – full of dedication, passion, and commitment – to start something new… to build a fraternity chapter. Chapter founders are among the most respected members of Triangle and enjoy a special status every time they return to their campuses after graduation.
Triangle is committed to branching out by building new chapters at top-tier institutions across the country, as well as reopening our dormant chapters. Many of Triangle’s expansion efforts have begun with a dedicated group of student leaders interested in bringing Triangle to their campus.
 
Starting a New Chapter
If you are interested in starting a chapter of Triangle, the following steps will lead you to success.
Download and complete the Interest Group Contact Form and return it to Executive Director Tom Pennington at tom@triangle.org. Include in the e-mail the individual who will serve as the main point of contact between the Interest Group and Headquarters. Generally, an interest group should have 12 or more men to be considered.
Once the group reaches 12 men or more, a Triangle staff member or national volunteer will arrange for a campus visit to meet with the group and determine if recognizing the Colony is the right choice. Factors taken into consideration include the STEM programs at the university, the presence/interest of local alumni, the current campus Greek system and enrollment/graduation trends.
Download the New Chapter Expansion document and review it carefully. Triangle Fraternity recognizes two levels of undergraduate groups, Colony and Chapter. A Colony contains at least 20 men who begin the process of New Member Education and create the foundation for a successful Chapter. Once the group has reached 30+ men and formed a healthy, sustainable student organization, the Colony is encouraged to petition Triangle Fraternity’s National Council for recognition as a Chapter.
Have a question and cannot find the answer? Reach out to us at join@triangle.org!

The Cost of Fraternity
Fulfilling your financial obligation to your chapter enables your treasurer to fund socials, recruitment, brotherhood events, philanthropy and much more. In the same respect, your chapter must fulfill its financial obligation to the great fraternity to allow the fraternity to provide cutting-edge programs that help to build better men for a better world.
Membership is for Life
In Triangle Fraternity, we place a large emphasis on understanding the financial obligations of membership prior to joining. Once a new member makes the commitment to be initiated into a chapter, he is expected to fulfill a financial obligation for the full tenure of his undergraduate education.
Every new member and brother should be aware of the following and all other local costs before making a lifelong commitment to Triangle.
Prospective members and brothers often find that creating a four or five-year personal budget will aid in determining whether or not Triangle is affordable for them. This is best done prior to being initiated, because again, once initiated there is an expectation to uphold the financial burden of the chapter and the national organization.
National Dues & Fees, The Basics
Many chapters choose to incorporate all national dues and fees into their local dues structure. Typical semester dues will include other local fees for housing, Interfraternity Council dues, social activities or meal plans. The total amount of dues you pay each semester is different for each university.

National Awards
Triangle’s National Awards recognize active chapters for their accomplishments, improvement, and achievements while individual students, alumni, and volunteers are honored for their leadership, dedication, and service to the fraternity. Fraternity awards are divided into two groups – Chapter Awards and Individual Awards. Triangle Education Foundation and Triangle Building & Housing Corporation awards all are chapter focused.

SCHOLARSHIP REQUIREMENTS
As detailed below, individual scholarships have varying eligibility requirements as established by their donors; however, the following guidelines apply to all scholarships. Applicants shall:
1. Be active members of Triangle Fraternity enrolled in a course of study leading to a degree and shall be initiated undergraduates in the school year following their application.
2. Have completed at least two full academic years of school as of the time of award, which is generally the summer after application.
3. Have maintained, as of time of application, at least a 3.0/4.0 GPA (except those notated below).
4. Demonstrate financial need and be able to demonstrate that within the restrictions of his present course of study he is now making a personal effort to earn part of the cost of his education.
5. Demonstrate appropriate social skills, by active involvement with his chapter, on his campus and in the community.
LTW is Triangle’s annual chapter leader training, encompassing six leadership tracks designed for specific undergraduates and two for approved alumni participants. The costs for each track are subsidized by grants from Triangle Education Foundation (TEF), National Education Fees (NEFs) paid by chapters, or from Triangle operating funds, but there still is a registration fee required of each attendee. This is your (or your chapter’s) investment in your participation and growth.
Because Chapter Endowment Funds (CEFs) are used to pay NEFs, CEFs may not be used again to pay for individual registration fees. The exception is if you wish to send a second attendee to a track, you can use CEF funds to reduce the full price fee of the track registration. Please read the Cost Breakdown information carefully to understand the costs for each track and how it differs for first attendee and second attendee within each track. Contact Morgan Brickley (morgan@triangle.org) with any questions.
 
Steven L. Miller Presidents’ Leadership Academy (SLMPLA)
The Steven L. Miller Presidents’ Leadership Academy, better known as SLMPLA, is named after Steven L. Miller ill64, former chapter president and CEO of Shell Oil Company. SLMPLA is designed to offer chapter and colony presidents the skills and resources to assist them in leading a student organization. Brother Miller has planned to meet virtually with attendees during this program.
By attending this program, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Communicate more effectively with their stakeholders; Identify steps to problem solve issues; Identify ways to delegate to their organization’s membership; Lead their organization in a mission-driven environment.
All chapter and colony presidents are encouraged to attend and will receive recognition via the accreditation program for their attendance. We have 36 seats available and hope that you will join us! Presidents-elect who have not yet begun their terms are eligible to attend if the active president cannot.
ELEVATE Recruitment Workshop
Struggling to elevate your chapter or colonies recruitment process?  Seeing success in your recruitment process but looking to elevate your member’s engagement in their recruitment efforts?  Elevate is the perfect program to assist chapters at every level.
By attending this program, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Identify their organization’s brand and the best way to market it; Discover where potential members are and the best ways to interest them; Establish a recruitment system that is simple, easy, and engaging; Start and hold meaningful and stimulating conversations; Establish a referral system that includes members of the greater community; Learn effective training techniques that get your chapter members excited to meet people and tell the organization’s story.
Telling your story and attracting new members is the lifeblood of our organizations.  Whether you are at 5 members or 85 members we will have practical ideas to improve your recruitment program.  All chapters have one seat reserved for their attendee.  Additional seats are available at cost.
 
Finance Workshop
The finance workshop is designed for the organization treasurer. By attending this workshop, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Identify the key responsibilities of serving as their organization’s treasurer; Identify ways to effectively communicate with their organization’s members; Identify the seven steps to effective confrontation; Create and manage a budget that aligns with the values of the organization; Identify national opportunities to receive chapter funding and support.
We understand that the finance chair’s position is critical to chapter success, but can be difficult and sometimes thankless.  Join us for a weekend of resources, training, camaraderie, and support.  All chapters have one seat reserved for their attendee.  Additional seats are available at cost.
 
Wakerly Service-Learning Workshop
The Wakerly Service-Learning Workshop focuses on providing attendees with the tools and resources to offer effective and meaningful service and philanthropy events for their organization and communities, specifically through two vehicles of FIRST® and the Leadership Advantage Program.
By attending this program, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Learn the importance of service learning and offering meaningful service to their communities and increasing Triangle visibility and name-recognition; Focus on two primary vehicles of active service learning, organizing & implementing the Leadership Advantage Program on their campus and getting involved with FIRST®; Develop foundational skills such as delegation, stakeholder engagement, and project management; Create a strategy that utilizes these opportunities as a recruitment tool for new members.
We encourage those responsible for service & philanthropy or public relations for their chapters to attend this track.  All chapters have one seat reserved for their attendee.  Additional seats are available at cost.
 
New Member Educator Workshop
The New Member Educator Workshop will focus on creating and delivering an exceptional new member education experience with the use of various resources.
By attending this program, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Identify the different needs and interests of their organization’s new members; Reflect on the role of the new member educator and the purpose of the new member education program; Evaluate their current new member program; Gain resources and knowledge to improve the brotherhood building efforts through the new member program; Identify the importance of using all or part of Triangle’s national new member program.
We recommend this track for current or aspiring new member educators.  All chapters have one seat reserved for their attendee.  Additional seats are available at cost.
 
Risk Prevention Workshop
The Risk Prevention Workshop is designed for risk managers, social event planners, and wellness officers. By attending this program, participants will be able to Identify their leadership style and how to better work with others; Learn about insurance and liability related to personal and organizational actions; Identify risk in the organizational setting; Name tactics for creating a safe environment in a facility or at an event; Analyze policy about risk prevention and insurance; Gain skills about personal wellness and resources available on campuses to help students cope with stress; Learn strategies for difficult conversations around risk; Learn strategies for difficult conversartions around mental health and wellness.
Cultivating knowledge around policies, risk prevention and insurance is an important part of organization management. We recommend this track for risk managers, social chairmen, or wellness officers.  All chapters have one seat reserved for their attendee.  Additional seats are available at cost.

Event Overview
The Herbert F. Scobie Leadership School, better known as Scobie or HSLS, is a centerpiece of Triangle’s educational programs. Scobie is a three-day leadership institute held in odd-numbered summers.
Programming is geared towards Triangle’s emerging leaders and provides them with introductory leadership skills they can build upon and refine through their chapter and campus experiences. Each active chapter is required to send two delegates and colonies one delegate, but all active members are welcomed to attend. Costs for participants are low, as much of the expense is subsidized by educational grants from the Triangle Education Foundation and from annual chapter funds to pre-pay Scobie and Convention expenses.
Scobie is a fun, exciting, and engaging leadership program that will allow participants to apply the curriculum to their everyday lives in the chapter, on campus and in their communities. Choose your attendees wisely; Scobie has the ability to energize and inspire members to be their best! For more information, contact us at hq@triangle.org.

Program Overview
The Building Better Men program is one of the most unique programs in the fraternity world, providing up to $150,000 a year to Chapter Endowment Funds within the Triangle Education Foundation. These funds generate earnings each year that chapters can use for scholarships, educational programs, or to pay annual National Education Fees.
Chapters will be judged on the five Better Men Program standards of Scholarship, Leadership, Diligence, Citizenship, and Character as measured by the Pyramid chapter assessment. Below is a breakdown of what each standard considers.
Scholarship is Shown by a commitment to academic success through high academic standards and consistent improvement.
Leadership is Shown by high involvement in both on and off campus organizations.
Diligence is Shown through a commitment to marketing the strengths and benefits of Triangle to ensure chapter growth and retention.
Citizenship is Shown through a commitment to philanthropy and service to the National Organization or campus/community to alleviate critical issues in society.
Character is Exhibited by the behavior of active and new members through the education and support around current issues and trends facing fraternity members and college students
Chapters must maintain a basic standard of performance, but each is encouraged to set goals for National Awards and the potential to win the Building Better Men grand prize.
Application & Evaluation Process
Scoring for the Building Better Men Program is based on numerical scores calculated by completeness of your application; a self-assessment essay or video; and a letter of recommendation from an advisor or alumni.
For detailed application instructions, check out the BBM Quick Reference Guide.
Application materials are due by May 15 EXTENDED – Materials now due May 22. You can submit your application via the link at the bottom of this page. To apply, you will need the following:
Chapter academic plan/programs, chapter GPA, all-men’s GPA, all-Greek GPA
Member attendance at Triangle’s national programs (LTW, Convention, etc.)
Record of member involvement/leadership in other campus organizations
Marketing/recruitment plan
Chapter membership totals for last and current academic years
Campus fraternity average membership
New Member Education plan
Philanthropy report
Community service hours report
Record of all chapter-hosted events
Record of all campus-hosted trainings/events that the chapter attended
Standards board operating procedures
Crisis management plan
An alumni/advisor to write a letter of recommendation
A reflection detailing your successes and challenges over the past year; 400 – 750 words in written form or 3 to 8 minutes of a self-recorded video
The reflection letter and/or video should summarize your chapter’s year by including what you felt were the chapter’s strengths and weaknesses, what you worked hard to overcome and improve, and why you feel you are deserving of the grand prize.
First Place will be a $100,000 contribution to your Chapter Endowment Fund CEF) in the Triangle Education Foundation. Second Place is a CEF award of $25,000. We also have added a new award for Best Young/New Chapter (also known as the Rattle Award) also with a CEF prize of $25,000.
This money will reside in your CEF and earnings each year can be used for chapter education or leadership, or for educational resources/equipment/services such as –
Help fund brothers to Scobie, LTW, a Regional Conference or another accredited leadership development program
Supporting area charitable or educational efforts, such as FIRST Robotics
WiFi (hardware and monthly bill) for your chapter house
Desks, bookcases, books, computers and software
Creating a newly updated study space in your chapter house
A recruitment scholarship for potential new members
Scholarship grants to members of your chapter
A leadership retreat at an off-site location
A leadership speaker, facilitator or trainer
Educational grants to cover registration, travel, accommodations, supplies and equipment for academic competitions in which the chapter is participating.
Winners will be announced via social media during Triangle’s National Convention in July and will be added to our roster of winners below.
2022/2023 Winners: Will it be Your Chapter?
2021/2022 Winners: Rose-Hulman (1st Place – $100,000), Ohio State (2nd Place – $25,000), Virginia Tech (Rattle Award – $25,000)
2020/2021 Winners: Michigan State (1st Place – $100,000), Wisconsin (2nd Place – $25,000), Washington (Rattle Award – $25,000)
2019/2020 Winners: Iowa State (1st Place – $100,000), Michigan State (2nd Place – $25,000), Washington (Rattle Award – $25,000)
2018/2019 Winners: Louisville (1st Place – $100,000), Cal Poly-Pomona (2nd Place – $25,000), Washington (Rattle Award – $25,000)
2017/2018 Winners: Penn State Behrend (1st Place – $100,000), Michigan (2nd Place – $25,000)
2016/2017 Winners: Michigan (1st Place – $100,000), Michigan Tech (2nd Place – $25,000)

Program Overview
The Melissa & John Gargani pitt82 Academic U program was created in Summer 2015 in an effort to better equip chapter and colony academic chairs, academic committees, and standard chairs on how to implement a fully encompassing academic program. Thanks to the generous grant of Melissa & John Gargani pitt82, members are able to receive Academic U at no charge.
Previously offered at Regional Meetings and by chapter request, Academic U helped active members create an academic program that supported all types of learners, connected the chapter with campus resources, and implemented standards and incentives.
As the program has evolved, so too has our delivery.  Academic U will still be offered per chapter request but is now offered on our E-Learning platform Plaid.
Sessions
It All Starts With Recruitment, Your chapter/colonies academic success all starts with the people you are recruiting. Accepting individuals with a 2.0 GPA sets the standard for the future. It’s simple- if you recruit men with a higher GPA, they will be more likely to retain a higher GPA. However, sometimes a number can be deceiving. This session will help participants identify a set of academic standards and key conversation points to use during recruitment to ensure that you only bid men that value academic excellence.
Going Beyond Study Tables,  As a National Fraternity, we have chapters and colonies struggling with their GPA, yet what are their solutions? Study tables, library hours, all-nighters, grade report forms? We pride ourselves on our academic pursuits, yet our emphasis on academic excellence can be less than stellar. If we want to become known as our Greek communities and campuses best academic organization, we need academic programs that attract our member’s interest while catering to their unique needs as individual learners. Designing the perfect academic program requires time, flexibility, and a hint of creativity. This session will help participants cultivate a culture of healthy academics that engages the entire chapter.
The OYS Moment,  The first step is creating an academic program that places a strong emphasis on academic excellence, Yet, no matter the workshops, recognition, or standards that you have in place there will still be members that don’t make academics a priority. But just like holding members accountable to paying dues and following the rules, they too must meet your academic requirements. This session will not only help members create an academic improvement plan that holds the member’s accountable but also puts the right pieces in place that will support them and recognize their accomplishments.
How to Participate
Those interested in Academic U will need to create an online account via Plaid’s Learning Management System using the instructions below. Once you have logged in you will be able to select your course(s) and begin the program. Every month the Director of Communication & Education will receive a report of who has completed what courses — in order to receive credit for their Chapter’s Pyramid scores.
Instructions for Creating an Online Account & Completing Courses
We highly recommend using the Google Chrome browser because there are known capability issues with both Internet Explorer and Safari
In order to complete the courses, you must turn off your pop-up blocker or allow pop-ups from beingplaid.com and cloud.scorm.com. Click here if you need to see instructions about how to allow pop-ups in Chrome.
Click on the “Create Account” button on the front page of the website, or click here.
Click on the “Sign Up” link at the top of the page.
Complete the required fields and enter the access code “AcademicU” The password you choose must be at least 7 characters long and must contain lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, and special characters. Accept the Terms and Conditions, click the box next to the phrase, “I’m not a robot,” and then click “Create an Account”.
After creating the account, you can immediately login.
After logging in, you must first click on “Plaid Learning Center”, select “Course Catalog” and enroll in your course(s).
Once you have enrolled in the course(s), click on “Plaid Learning Center” and select “Your Enrollments”. Click “View” next to the course you wish to take and then click the “Launch Course” link. The course will launch in a pop-up window.
Mail support@beingplaid.com if you have trouble creating an account, enrolling in the courses or completing the courses.
You can also use the Live Chat feature on the website if you have any questions or need assistance.

Triangle Fraternity is honored to be one of the newest Alliance Partners with FIRST – For Inspiration & Recognition of Science & Technology — one of the largest and most successful organizations in the world dedicated to STEM education and careers. More than 480,000 K-12 students around the globe participate in one or more of FIRST’s four major programs.

It’s never too early to start learning and discovering STEM. FIRST Lego League allows children ages 4-16* to explore STEM through, fun and exciting hands-on learning. FIRST LEGO League is comprised of three divisions.
The first is LEGO League Discover for children in Pre-K through Grade 1 or ages 4-6. The Discover League is an introduction to STEM and allows children to explore their natural curiosity through hands on learning using LEGO Duplo bricks.
FIRST LEGO League Explore is for children in grades 2-4 or ages 6-10. The League Explore focuses on the fundamentals of engineering while being faced with real-world problems. Children also learn to design and code while creating solutions with LEGO bricks powered by LEGO Education robot.
FIRST LEGO League Challenge is for children in grades 4-8 or students ages 9-16. Competition is the at the center of the Challenge League as teams research, problem-solve, code and engineer LEGO robot to patriciate in missions in the robot game. Challenge teams also research real world problems and identify solutions.

It’s more than building robots. FIRST Tech Challenge teams (10+ members, grades 7-12) are challenged to design, build, program and operate robots to compete in a head-to-head challenge in an alliance format.  Guided by adult coaches and mentors, students develop STEM skills and practice engineering principles while realizing the value of hard work, innovation, and working as a team. Each season concludes with regional championship events and an exciting FIRST Championship.

Combining the excitement of sport with the rigors of science and technology. We can FIRST Robotics Competition the ultimate sport for the mind. High school student participants call it the “hardest fun you’ll ever have.”  Under strict rules, limited resources, and an intense six-week time limit, teams of students are challenged to raise funds, design a team “brand”, hone teamwork skills, and build and program industrial-size robots to play a difficult field game against like-minded competitors. It’s as close to real-world engineering as a student can get. Volunteer professional mentors lend their time and talents to guide each team and each season ends with an exciting FIRST Championship.

Redefining the New Member Experience
Triangle has created a number of resources to assist our chapters and colonies in developing a New Member Education program based on treating each other with dignity and respect. Grounded in the values of our Ritual and the Code of Ethics, the suggested program provides a 6-10 week foundation to develop and shape new members, directly connected to the new member manual.
 
The Purpose of New Member Education
The new member education period is just the starting point of your Triangle experience. It is a fun and exciting time where you will get to learn all about Triangle, meet new people and discover who you want to become not only as a member but as a son, brother, student, and friend.
Think of the new member education process as your orientation; it is your introduction into Triangle.  The purpose of the new member education period is tomHelp individuals become familiar with the history, facts, and principles of Triangle. While this may not be the most important thing you learn during your new member period, understanding how Triangle came to be is a necessary foundation for your membership. Introduce members to what the fraternity experience will look like. The new member process should be a combination of learning information and engaging in the normal day-to-day activities of fraternity business.
 
What to Expect
Chapters that are interested in implementing the Everyman National New Member Education program or a version of it, should download the activity guides and program syllabi to start (all resources can be found below & in the Resource Library). The activity guides will serve as a facilitator guide for the New Member Educator, providing them with objectives to cover week-by-week, sample activities, and suggested assignments that correspond with the Member Manual.
Chapters may choose to use the National program as is, or use the program with substituted activities and assignments. Any new activity or assignment must be submitted the Activity Substitution Form which can be found below or in the Resource Library.
Chapter interested in learning more or setting up a brief training should contact us at HQ@triangle.org.
 
Program Benefits
There are several objectives of a healthy and successful new member education process, some of which include Assisting in the development of participants; Aiding in the college transition; Familiarizing participants with the local chapter, National Organization, Greek community, and University at large; Instilling an understanding and appreciation of Triangle through education and role modeling; Acquainting participants with one another and the brotherhood at large; Providing education around chapter expectations and operations.
A successful new member education process takes a village. It is imperative that each new member, active member, and advisor is committed to meeting these objectives and fulfilling the greater purpose. If these things happen, new members will enter into initiation prepared, excited, appreciative, and committed to the values of the organization.

Online Programming
Starting this fall we will be offering educational programming with just a click of the mouse. From officer training, to risk management certification courses, to new member education and recruitment how-to webinars, learning has never been easier or more convenient.
Active and alumni members will be able to log-on to our E-learning platform, register for their desired course, and interact with brothers from all across the country.
While we are still in the process of building our online courses you can expect the following for the coming academic year Risk management training & certification, Chapter president training, Various personal and professional development webinars, Melissa & John Gargani Academic U
We are excited to share more information with you and will have an event calendar, instructions, and registration posted shortly!

